{
    "title": "Unboxing: Bose QuietComfort 35 Silver Wireless Headphones -  QC35",
    "description": "Bose QuietComfort 35 Silver Wireless Headphones - 759944-0020\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/101454\/Bose-QuietComfort-35-Silver-Wireless-Headphones-7599440020.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=QC35_20160607\n\nWe spent 40+ years of research in pursuit of the best noise cancellation in the world. Then we obsessed about making it wireless. The result: QuietComfort 35 wireless headphones. Free yourself from wires and connect easily to your devices with Bluetooth and NFC pairing. Volume-optimized EQ gives you balanced audio at any level while a noise-rejecting dual-microphone system provides clear calls even in windy and noisy environments.\nThese are our best headphones. In making them wireless we had one goal: seamlessly merge Bluetooth and our Acoustic Noise Cancelling technology together with no compromise to the technologies or the audio performance were known for. Try them for yourself\u2014then try to live without them.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Industry-leading noise cancellation makes quiet sound quieter and music sound better\n\u2022 Wireless connectivity to your devices through Bluetooth and NFC pairing\n\u2022 Up to 20 hours of wireless listening per charge and 40 hours when wired\n\u2022 Premium materials make them lightweight and comfortable for all-day listening\n\u2022 Bose Connect app helps manage paired devices and gives you a personalized experience\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Music sounds better \nYou turn them on and noise instantly fades away. Your favorite songs soar to new heights sounding so rich and clear you might feel like youre hearing them for the very first time. Its magical to the ear\u2014but its not magic. Its the precise arrangement of microphones inside and outside the earcups. Its proprietary electronics that continuously measure compare and react to outside noises. And its the electronics sending an equal and opposite signal to the earcups speakers to cancel those noises. All so you can enjoy the music you love\u2014or the silence you need.\n\u2022 Exceptionally strong battery life \nIts thought that battery life suffers with wireless headphones. We changed that way of thinking. How? By customizing the size and shape of our lithium ion battery to optimize the space available in the earcup\u2014all without compromising fit or comfort. You now enjoy up to 20 hours while using the headphones wirelessly a significant duration for wireless headphones. You also get up to 40 hours for wired use.\n\u2022 Quiet sounds quieter \nThe electronic noise floor is another obsession for us. A headphones noise floor is that soft hiss you might hear when listening in quiet environments. Because that noise is measurable we continuously tweaked the electronics in QC35 headphones until that soft hiss became virtually undetectable.\n\u2022 Premium materials for all-day comfort \nMaterials matter. Thats why the QC35 headband isnt just soft its luxurious. Wrapped in Alcantara\u2014the soft covering material used by prestigious international companies in various applications like yachts and high-end automobiles\u2014it provides a welcome comfort designed for all-day listening. The ear cushions are manufactured from a synthetic protein leather and contain a silicone bead for passive noise reduction.\n\u2022 Lightweight and durable? How? \nThe perception is lightweight headphones are made of plastic and easily broken. So we dont use plastic. We use glass filled nylon that provides for a lightweight feel but a high level of durability. These headphones also have strong finishing touches. Stainless steel is used for the headband spring and pivots to ensure the headphones are durable enough for everyday use.\n\u2022 Easy control \nConnecting to Bluetooth devices and switching between them\u2014say from your iPad to iPhone when a call comes in\u2014is now delightfully easy. The free Bose Connect app manages all connections with an intuitive graphic interface. Once paired with multiple devices the headphones will switch between them automatically whenever you want. The app also provides software updates product tips and even lets you personalize your settings.",
    "videoid": "69863159",
    "date_created": "1465319077",
    "date_modified": "1482342280",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-bose-quietcomfort-35-silver-wireless-headphones-qc35\/69863159"
}