{
    "title": "Whirlpool 24 Stainless Steel Electric Double Wall Oven WOD51ES4ES - Overview",
    "description": "Whirlpool 24  Stainless Steel Electric Double Wall Oven - WOD51ES4ES http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/92917\/Whirlpool-WOD51ES4ES.html\n\nYoull have plenty of room to make your familys homemade favorites with the 6.2 cu. ft. capacity double wall oven from Whirlpool brand. With the largest total capacity this 24-inch double oven features the AccuBake temperature management system to ensure evenly-baked delicious results. Two oven lights brighten up the interior so you can keep an eye on whats cooking. This self-cleaning wall oven also features a touch control digital display for controls that are as simple to use as they are to clean.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 AccuBake Temperature Management System \nWith the AccuBake temperature management system you can now achieve delicious consistent results every time. This system surrounds food with even temperatures and uses built-in sensors to monitor oven temperature. It even turns on the correct cooking elements to ensure optimal heat and deliver consistent baking even on multiple racks. Simplifies cleanup with the bake element hidden beneath the oven floor leaving a smooth interior surface that is easy to wipe clean.\n\u2022 Dual Interior Lighting \nA pair of lights brighten up the interior so you can keep an eye on whats cooking.\n\u2022 Touch Control Digital Display \nStreamlined oven controls are as simple to use as they are to clean.\n\u2022 High-Heat Self-Cleaning System\nThis system uses a high temperature instead of harsh chemicals to help clean your oven by burning off baked-on food splatter.\n\u2022 Keep Warm Setting\nThis setting helps food stay warm and ready to serve even when the family is running late.\n\u2022 Closed Door Broiling\nA broiling temperature management system helps prevent overheating to keep the kitchen comfortable and cool while still maintaining the optimal cooking temperature for food.\nLargest Capacity Wall Oven at 6.2 Cu. Ft. Total Capacity\n\u2022 12-Hour Delay Cook Setting\n\u2022 Sabbath Mode with Star K Certification\n\u2022 1 Selling Appliance Brand in the U.S.A.",
    "videoid": "69863568",
    "date_created": "1448394647",
    "date_modified": "1476898861",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/whirlpool-24-stainless-steel-electric-double-wall-oven-wod51es4es-overview\/69863568"
}