{
    "title": "Denon HEOS Amp Class D Wireless Amplifier HEOSAMP Overview",
    "description": "Denon Black HEOS Amp 100W X 2 Class D Wireless Amplifier - HEOSAMP- http:\/\/abt.com\/product\/83742\/Denon-HEOSAMP.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Multi-room Sound: Every room can have its own HEOS sound. Or group multiple speakers to fill the house with the same song. Multi-room means multiple options. \no Multi-room means Possibilities: Install the free HEOS app on as many phones and tablets as you like. Control the music in every room from any device. Group two or more rooms together to play the same song perfectly synchronized in party mode. Play a different song in every room when everyone wants to dance to their own tune.\no Pick any device control every room: The HEOS app is amazingly simple and simply amazing.\no Stream to your whole house: When its time for a get-together group HEOS speakers together for a house full of sound.\no Different music for different rooms: Every member of the household can listen to his or her faves\u2014in his or her own space.\no Sound travels with you: Pick up any of your phones or tablets as you move from room to room. Control the music in every room from any device. Set the mood thats just right for the moment\n\u2022 Apps & streaming services: Cloud music streaming music and your music library\u2014all your favorite sources are supported by this amazing FREE app. \no Stream from the worlds leading online music services: With HEOS you have all the options you need and all the access you want. Stream favorite cloud sources like Spotify Rhapsody TuneIn and Pandora. Plus listen to tracks directly from your phone tablet or USB drive.\n\u2022 Amazing sound quality: Its no accident that HEOS speakers produce pristine sound. They are engineered by the experts at Denon innovators in audio for more than 100 years. \no HEOS inherited 100 years of innovation: If it makes sound we make it. Weve built our name on unrelenting attention to innovative craftsmanship and quality often being the first to deliver new audio innovations. Each HEOS system is passionately engineered in-house at Denon and composed of meticulously designed components that harmonize together and deliver the performance that music lovers crave and deserve.\no MaxxAudio: If it makes sound we make it. Weve built our name on unrelenting attention to innovative craftsmanship and quality often being the first to deliver new audio innovations. Each HEOS system is passionately engineered in-house at Denon and composed of meticulously designed components that harmonize together and deliver the performance that music lovers crave and deserve.\no Audiophile grade synchronization: Microseconds matter: To deliver a true audiophile listening experience with multiple HEOS players at once each HEOS player must be synchronized to an extremely high degree. Based on years of meticulous research HEOS delivers unparalleled synchronization performance within microseconds.\no Superior craftsmanship: HEOS is the product of an obsession with audio and the love of music. Our in-house engineering team has worked together hand-selecting each critical component to play its part inside the unique beauty of our acclaimed designs.\n\u2022 Easy Setup: Its amazing how quickly you can start listening to your HEOS speakers. Place your speakers and you will be listening to music in minutes.. Its really that simple. \nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Audio System\no Class D Digital Amplification\n2 x 100 watts of Class D digital amplification provide high efficiency lowest distortion and widest dynamic range.\no Auxiliary Analog Line Input\nThe 3.5 mm stereo analog auxiliary line input lets users connect a device with analog stereo output directly to the HEOS Amp.\no Optical Digital Input\nThe optical digital line input lets users connect a device with an optical digital output directly to the HEOS Amp. \no Subwoofer Pre-out\nConnect any powered subwoofer to the HEOS Amp for additional bass.\n\u2022 Music Sources\no Music Subscription Services\nThe HEOS app lets you choose from popular subscription streaming services including Rhapsody Pandora Spotify and TuneIn and from other services that offer DRM-free tracks. More services will be added soon.\no Internet Radio Stations\nChoose from your favorite internet radio stations and listen to MP3 and WMA streaming audio.\no Music Formats Supported\nHEOS Amp supports MP3 and WMA music files including purchased WMA downloads as well as AAC (MPEG4) and FLAC (lossless) file types along with WAV files. Supports 32 kHz 44.1 kHz and 48 kHz sampling rates.\no Picture Formats Supported\nHEOS Amp supports JPG PNG BMP and GIF album art picture formats.\no USB Drives Supported\nHEOS Amp supports USB thumb drives via the built-in USB port. Music content on a USB drive can be played back locally or on any or all HEOS players on your network.\n\u2022 Networking\no Wireless Connection\nConnect to your wireless network quickly and easily. HEOS 5 supports the latest 802.11 networks (including dual band N) for the most reliable network connection.\no Wired Connection\nConnect to your home or office LAN syste",
    "videoid": "69864060",
    "date_created": "1423249327",
    "date_modified": "1477006529",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/denon-heos-amp-class-d-wireless-amplifier-heosamp-overview\/69864060"
}