{
    "title": "Onkyo Black 2 Channel Network Stereo Receiver TX-8160 - Overview",
    "description": "Onkyo Black 2 Channel Network Stereo Receiver  - TX-8160 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/93643\/Onkyo-Black-2-Channel-Network-Stereo-Receiver-TX8160.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=TX8160_20160708\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Realistic & Clean Audio\nHigh current enables masterful control of the speakers for extremely accurate and dynamic sound. Its the cornerstone of our Wide Range Amplification Technology system and it creates an uncommonly well-focused and realistic audio image. \nThe TX-8160 delivers superb stereo power at 80 W\/Ch (8 Ohms 20 Hz\u221220 kHz 0.1 2 Channels Driven FTC) 110 W\/Ch (6 Ohms 1 kHz 0.1 1 Channel Driven FTC).\n\u2022 Bluetooth \/ Wi-Fi with Pandora Spotify and AirPlay \nThe TX-8160 has AirPlay Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technologies built in. The free Onkyo Remote app puts a range of streaming options at your fingertips from universal hi-res audio via network-attached devices to internet streaming services to music on your smartphone and tablet. Or pair up and enjoy whatevers playing on your Bluetooth-compatible device for huge cinematic sound. \nIt also comes loaded with Spotify Pandora SiriusXM Internet Radio Slacker and TuneIn. You can select a station and search for music available on these services via the Onkyo Remote app on your phone. Youll never be short of your favorite music to enjoy.\n\u2022 Great Sound From Any Format \nAn Asahi Kasei AK4452 digital-to-analog converter unlocks the full potential of any audio format with its unique low-distortion sound-enhancing filtering technologies.\n\u2022 Quick Access Presets \nGet instant access to four of your favorite FM\/AM or internet radio stations at the touch of a button. Four preset buttons on the faceplate go straight to the stations. You can even wake up the receiver from standby mode by pressing one of these buttons for instant radio.\n\u2022 Zone 2 \nAn additional DAC and Zone 2 pre-outs send any audio (even streamed audio) to a second room equipped with a power amp and a pair of speakers perhaps on the deck or in the garage. Play the same source in both rooms or a different source in Zone 2.\n\u2022 Hi-Res Clarity & Detail \nThe TX-8160 is engineered for universal Hi-Res compatibility and ease of use. Use the remote app to select your 192\/24 or 5.6 MHz DSD files on PC or NAS and bask in the clarity and detail of high-resolution music.\n\u2022 Rediscover the Magic of Vinyl \nHi-current amplification brings out the best in your vinyl records. Just connect your turntable to the phono input. The TX-8160 will faithfully reproduce vinyls authentic stereo sound.",
    "videoid": "69863133",
    "date_created": "1467993667",
    "date_modified": "1476384683",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/onkyo-black-2-channel-network-stereo-receiver-tx-8160-overview\/69863133"
}