{
    "title": "The ProForm 440 ES Recumbent Bike",
    "description": "The recumbent bike is famous for stability, comfort, and effectiveness. We decided to up the ante with the latest technology as well.\n\nPedal the world\u2019 countryside with iFit\u00ae technology. Start in Normandy, France. Then head to Verona, Italy. Maybe you\u2019ll hit Salzburg, Austria next. \n\nWith your iFit\u00ae Compatible recumbent bike, you won\u2019t want to stop pedaling. Our Google Maps\u2122 routes take you anywhere in the world\u2014you draw the course. \n\nYour indoor bike experience should feel just as familiar as your outdoor bike experience. So our engineers perfected our flywheel to give you a smooth, steady pedal stroke that just feels great. And our faster gear ratio and effective weight placement mean you can count on a high-quality recumbent bike that will last.\n\nHome is that special place where you can relax and de-stress. That\u2019s why we\u2019ve designed our indoor bikes with oh-so-quiet resistance. Our smooth, silent resistance system allows you to adjust your workout intensity without disturbing the peace. \n\nOur oversized seat has added cushioning and easily adjusts so you find the perfect fit. Plus, the extra lumbar support really helps line up your posture so your back doesn\u2019t get achy as you ride.",
    "channelid": "87488363",
    "videoid": "87488125",
    "date_created": "1454627872",
    "date_modified": "1521730351",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/proform-channel\/the-proform-440-es-recumbent-bike\/87488363-87488125"
}