{
    "title": "Viking Tuscany Series 48 Pro-Style Dual Fuel Range TVDR4804I - Overview",
    "description": "Viking Tuscany Series 48  Pro-Style Stainless Steel Dual Fuel Range - TVDR4804ISS http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/91547\/Viking-TVDR4804ISS.html\n\nFlorence Italy is known for outstanding food delicious wine impeccable design and attention to detail. Combining Italian design with Viking Professional performance the Tuscany range was born in the heart of Italy. This sophisticated new line of Italian Provincial ranges are sized and featured to meet the needs of American architecture and lifestyles. Incorporating the highest quality materials and unsurpassed reliability Viking is known for Viking Tuscany is offered in multiple configurations and options to meet the most discriminating tastes.\n\nFeatures:\nSurface Cooking\n\u2022 High performance burners provide fast boil times and a gentle simmer\no 20000 BTU \u2013 8500 BTU high burner ratings\n\u2022 Stainless steel burner pan\n\u2022 Electronic single point spark ignition\/re-ignition on all burners\n\u2022 Porcelain coated cast iron burner grates\n\u2022 Optional surface configurations\no Machined steel griddle\/simmer plate (with grease collection drawer)\no Cast iron French top\no Induction elements\n\u2022 Polished chrome die cast knobs\nOven\n\u2022 Large Left Oven \u2013 3.8 cu ft. electric oven\no 25 3\/4W. x 13H. x 19 5\/8 D.\no Eight cooking functions \u2013 Bake Convection Bake Tru Convection Low Broil High Broil Convection Broil Defrost Proof\no Stainless steel oven cavity\no Six rack positions with two oven racks including one TruGlide\u2122 Rack\no Two oven lights\n\u2022 Right Convection Bake Oven \u2013 2.4 cu ft. oven\no 11 5\/8W. x 18 1\/4H. x 19 5\/8D\no Side swing oven door\no One oven rack\n\u2022 Storage drawer for baking pans with soft-close glides\nConfiguration\n\u2022 4 gas burners; 2 induction elements",
    "videoid": "69863715",
    "date_created": "1439903950",
    "date_modified": "1477675954",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/viking-tuscany-series-48-pro-style-dual-fuel-range-tvdr4804i-overview\/69863715"
}