{
    "title": "Sony 2.1 Ch. Black TV Base Speaker with Wi-Fi Bluetooth HTXT2 - Overview",
    "description": "Click HERE to Shop for the Sony 2.1 Channel TV Base Speaker at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100572\/Sony-2.1-Ch.-Black-TV-Base-Speaker-with-Wi-Fi-Bluetooth-HTXT2.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=HTXT2_20160929\n\nSony 2.1 Ch. Black TV Base Speaker with Wi-Fi Bluetooth - HTXT2 \n\nFeatures:\n\n2.1 channel system brings out the best in your movies \nFeel the full force of every movie soundtrack with this 2.1 channel speaker system. The coaxial drivers have been carefully engineered to deliver a balanced audio response across all frequencies while the built-in subwoofers add more body to your bass\u2014so every explosion and action sequence hits harder than ever before.\n\nCinematic S-Force PRO Front Surround \nAn immersive virtual surround sound experience. S-Force PRO Front Surround mimics the way the brain correlates sound sources to create proper volume time lag and sound wave spectrum \u2014 using only left and right speaker channels. By naturally emulating three-dimensional sound fields youll be able to enjoy rich high-fidelity audio across a wider listening area.\n\nDSEE restores detail to your digital music\nBoost the quality of your compressed music files. When an original music source is compressed it loses the high-frequency elements that add detail and richness to your favorite tracks. The Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE) faithfully restores these to produce high-quality sound thats closer to the original recording. \n\nBuilt-in Wi-Fi for simple streaming\nWith built-in Wi-Fi youll be able to browse and play music and movies from your smartphone tablet and laptop by connecting to your home network. Alternatively stream popular online music services right from the TV base speaker\u2014no other devices required.\n\nS-Master digital amplifier \nEnjoy the best of digital audio with the S-Master digital amplifier. Using a simplified full digital signal path the S-Master amplifier reproduces digital audio signals without the multiple analog stages required by conventional amplifiers. The result is not just more power but significantly less distortion caused by heat build-up.\n\nClearAudio+ enriches your music\nUnique to Sony ClearAudio+ automatically adjusts sound settings for an enriching listening experience. By bringing together expertise in digital signal processing technologies ClearAudio+ is able to optimize audio formats to deliver a consistently clear high-quality sound whatever music youre into.\n\nSimplify your sound setup with HDMI ARC output\nThe HDMI ARC (Audio Return Channel) means audio is also carried back to your soundbar from compatible TVs without the need for an extra audio cable. Every device connected to your TV can now be heard through the multi bar so you can hear all of your audio in high quality.\n\nHigher quality wireless audio streaming\nLDAC transmits approximately three times more data (at the maximum transfer rate: 990 kbps) than conventional Bluetooth audio for a superior wireless listening experiencestyle name=sup1\/style.\n\nOne-touch listening to play music instantly \nNFC (Near Field Communication) technology removes the need for wired connections and complex setup sequences. Simply touch your NFC-enabled smartphone or other device to the on-body N-mark and start your music. No NFC? No problem. You can also pair the devices manually in Bluetooth settings.\n\nUSB connectivity lets you plug-and-play \nConnect your smartphone tablet MP3 player or USB stick to the USB port to hear your favorite playlists. \n\nOptical input for easy connection \nUse an optical cable to link up to your TV DVD or Blu-ray Disc\u2122 player or connect your choice of music player via the analog input for great sounding audio.\n\nThe simple way to send music to your speakers \nThe HT-XT2 has Google Cast\u2122 built in so you can cast your favorite music apps from your personal device to your speakers. Simply tap the cast button in a music app on your Android phone or tablet iPhone iPad Mac Windows laptop or Chromebook and select a speaker or group of speakers to get started.\n\nAll-in-one sound solution \nThe simple design of this TV base speaker gives you optimal audio output in a compact body. It comes with an integrated subwoofer for dynamic bass capabilities bringing more power to your movie soundtracks. \n\nSpecifications:\n\nAmplifier\n\nA \/ V Sync: Yes \n\nPower Output (Total): 170 W \n\nAmplifier Channels: 2.1Ch \n\nS-Force Pro Front Surround: S-Force PRO Front Surround \n\nLPCM (2CH \/ 5.1CH \/ 7.1CH) Thru HDMI: Yes\/No\/No \n\nSubwoofer\n\nSubwoofer Type: Built-in Subwoofer \n\nSpeaker System: 2-way \n\nEnclosure Type: Bass Reflex \n\nSubwoofer Driver: 4.72 cone \n\nInterface\n\nInput And Output Terminals: Bluetooth Reception Bluetooth Transmission Ethernet USB \n\nWireless Capabilities: Bluetooth NFC  \n\nUSB File System (FAT32 NTFS): Yes (FAT32 NTFS exFAT)",
    "channelid": "81333911",
    "videoid": "69863042",
    "date_created": "1475164473",
    "date_modified": "1480543075",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/sony-channel\/sony-2-1-ch-black-tv-base-speaker-with-wi-fi-bluetooth-htxt2-overview\/81333911-69863042"
}