{
    "title": "TackForm Magneto Magnetic Car Phone Mount TF00-0304 - Overview",
    "description": "TackForm Magneto Magnetic Car Phone Mount  - TF00-0304 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/84294\/TackForm-TF000304.html\n\nFeatures:\n\nScience meet Swag\u2026 Tackform Magneto. USA\u2019s best magnetic car phone mount. \n\nOur magnetic car phone mount provides a compact solution with the strength need to securely hold your device. We\u2019ve tested a wide variety of magnet variations to provide a solution that will give you as much strength as we can offer without affecting Galaxy devices and other devices with a Magnetic sleep sensor.\n\nMagnetic car phone mount works great for both window and dashboard mounting. \n\nOur magnetic car phone mounts come equipped with patented suction cup technology that that works great on windows and most vehicles with hard surfaced dashboards. Our newly developed suction pad provides increased suction and surface area for a secure hold you can trust. Our products have passed the test of time in both hot and cold conditions. As always we do not recommend removing the car mount in extreme heat as it may damage the suction cup. No different than most other dash mounts on the market.\n\nTackform\u2019s adjustable neck allows for a great viewing angle with your magnetic car phone mount. \n\nOur adjustable neck allows for an additional 180+ Degrees of rotation to offer even more viewing angles that our previous models. As many vehicle dashboards are designed differently we do our best to accommodate for all",
    "videoid": "69863875",
    "date_created": "1429650726",
    "date_modified": "1476988321",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tackform-magneto-magnetic-car-phone-mount-tf00-0304-overview\/69863875"
}