{
    "title": "Bose SoundLink III Bluetooth Speaker 369946-1300 - Overview",
    "description": "Bose Silver And Black SoundLink III Bluetooth Speaker - 369946-1300 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/77407\/Bose-3699461300.html\n\nShare the music. Show your style.\nMeet the speaker that brings your music and friends together\u2014with a style that\u2019s all your own. The SoundLink Bluetooth speaker III is our best-performing mobile Bluetooth speaker. It plays louder and longer than its popular predecessor with advanced Bose technologies that reproduce the fullness clarity and depth of your music. And a colorful assortment of optional covers let you personalize your speaker.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Our best-performing Bluetooth speaker plays your music with fullness depth and clarity\n\u2022 Wireless connection to your smartphone tablet or other Bluetooth device\n\u2022 Up to 14 hours of music from rechargeable lithium-ion battery\n\u2022 Colored accessory covers personalize your speaker and provide further protection from scratches\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Pair and play\nThis compact speaker pairs easily with your smartphone iPad or other Bluetooth device. It has a range of about 30 feet so you can enjoy the sound you want without wires. Simply press and hold the Bluetooth button on the speakers top panel and then choose the SoundLink Mobile speaker III from your device. The speaker remembers the most recent six devices youve used so reconnecting is even simpler.\n\u2022 Powerful performance\nIt\u2019s no secret: your music is the foundation for a good time. And this speaker delivers. Four drivers and two passive radiators provide full-spectrum audio and clarity at any listening level. Plus you\u2019ll hear incomparable bass performance not found in other mobile speakers. And improvements in digital signal processing let you share your music louder than the previous version of ourBluetooth speaker.\n\u2022 Form and function\nSure the sound draws a crowd. But this speaker also has a sleek look you\u2019ll appreciate. Curved edges and a thin profile make a bold statement especially when you add a touch of color with an optional cover. The speaker easily slips right into a bag or backpack. The silicone button panel protects it from dirt and dust while a wraparound metal grille adds to its durability and resists fingerprints.\n\u2022 Auxiliary input \nEnables audio connections from other sources increasing versatility of system.\n\u2022 USB port\nAllows for software update to ensure ongoing Bluetooth device compatibility\n\u2022 Compact power adapter \nFolds flat to fit easily in a bag ideal for extended trips.",
    "videoid": "69863742",
    "date_created": "1437510381",
    "date_modified": "1476915164",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-soundlink-iii-bluetooth-speaker-369946-1300-overview\/69863742"
}