{
    "title": "Sanus ELM501B All-In-One IR Repeater : Sanus at Abt Electronics...",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/51302\/Sanus-ELM501B.html\nShop Audio Accessories - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/60\/Audio-Accessories.html\n\nThe Sanus Elements ELM501 IR repeater kit makes it easy to give your home theater a clean seamless appearance \u2014 even while you're using it. This small IR receiver can be located in a discreet location on top of furniture or next to a TV to replicate infrared signals from remote controls. The ELM501 filters undesirable signals from sunlight and plasma TVs to provide error-free operation while LED status lights provide power and infrared signal indication. Simply place the repeater hub behind your TV or other components and you can operate AV equipment inside closed cabinets with ease. This all-in-one kit contains the necessary elements to control up to four components and includes both tabletop and hole mounting options.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Effectively replicates infrared signals from remote controls to reach components stored remotely or hidden in enclosed cabinets\n\u2022 IR repeater filters undesirable signals from sunlight and plasma TVs to provide error-free operation\n\u2022 All-in-one kit contains all necessary elements to control 4 components\n\u2022 LED status lights provide power and IR signal indication\n\u2022 Frequency range of 30KHz -- 60KHz works with multiple AV components\n\u2022 Tabletop and hole mounting options included in package\nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Frequency Range: 30.00 KHz - 60.00 KHz\n\u2022 Power Supply Voltage: 8 - 12 VDC\n\u2022 IR Frequency Range Supported: 30kHz - 60kHz\n\u2022 IR Pickup Range: 40 ft. (12.2 m) @ 38kHz 25 ft. (7.6 m) @ 56kHz\n\u2022 IR Receiver Head Dimensions: .65 in. (16.5 mm) x .35 in. (8.9 mm) x .25 in. (6.4 mm)\n\u2022 IR Emitter Outputs: 4",
    "videoid": "69864896",
    "date_created": "1371655256",
    "date_modified": "1477597892",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sanus-elm501b-all-in-one-ir-repeater-sanus-at-abt-electronics\/69864896"
}