{
    "title": "Start your day right with Audioengine HD3 Wireless Speakers",
    "description": "Easy setup, simple and useful features, and wide stereo sound make HD3 your go-to music system. It's designed for the way people listen to music today\u2014 streaming wirelessly, digital downloads, vinyl, etc.\n\nStream your music library, TIDAL, Spotify, Pandora, YouTube, etc. to HD3 from just about anywhere in your house without dropouts. Wireless setup is a breeze and only takes about a minute. And if you\u2019re using HD3 on your desktop, connect up with a USB cable. The USB input bypasses your computer\u2019s built-in low-quality headphone jack for a high-end listening experience. But if you\u2019re not keen on USB or wireless you can still use any audio cable to connect.\n\nPlug in your headphones\nHD3 includes a dedicated high-performance headphone output so you can listen and not wake the neighbors. Its audiophile-quality headphone amplifier delivers high-end sound that drives even the most-demanding headphones.\n\nRetro-forward design\nHD3 was designed for audio performance, but speakers obviously also need to look good so we\u2019ve included furniture-grade wood veneers, aluminum trim accents, and detachable magnetic grills that blend with any decor. Available in Satin Black as well as real Walnut and Cherry wood at no additional cost if you want to really show them off.\n\nSmall speakers that pack a punch\nBuilt-in power amplifiers save space and eliminate the need to connect HD3 to a stereo receiver or external power amp. Simply plug the left speaker into a power outlet and connect the included speaker wire from the left to the right speaker. All internal components of the HD3 are designed and tuned together, so you\u2019ll get Audioengine\u2019s Signature Sound and a much more efficient system than traditional separate speakers and amplifier.",
    "videoid": "115188233",
    "date_created": "1485393195",
    "date_modified": "1505432996",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/start-your-day-right-with-audioengine-hd3-wireless-speakers\/115188233"
}