{
    "title": "Overview: JBL Link 20 Portable Bluetooth Voice Activated Speaker",
    "description": "Shop for the JBL Link 20 at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/115644\/JBL-Link-20-Black-Portable-Bluetooth-Voice-Activated-Speaker-JBLLINK20BLKUS.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=JBLLINK20_20171023\n\nThe JBL Link 20 is a voice activated portable speaker with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth\u00ae enabled that delivers rich stereo sound. It has the Google Assistant built-in. It's your own personal Google. Always ready to help. You can ask it questions. And tell it to do things. The more you use it, the more useful it gets. Just start with \"Ok Google\" \u2013 a simple voice request triggers your JBL Link 20 to play music, podcasts or radio from services like Google Play Music, Spotify, Pandora and more. This compact speaker is powered by a 6000mAh rechargeable Li-ion battery that offers 10 hours of continuous, high-quality audio playtime. Sporting durable, waterproof fabric materials, JBL Link 20 is ready to take the party everywhere. And with the Chromecast built-in, you can instantly start streaming to JBL Link 20 from your favorite music apps.\n\nFeatures:\n\nGet help from your Google Assistant\n- JBL Link 20 has the Google Assistant built-in. It is your own personal Google. Always ready to help\n\nHands-free voice control\n- Far-field voice recognition allows for easy hands-free operation. Ask questions across the room and the JBL Link 20 will respond\n\nSimple setup with the Google Home app on iOS & Android\n- With the free Google Home app on iOS & Android, you can easily setup and manage your JBL Link 20\n\nChromecast built-in\n- Let you instantly stream your favorite music, radio, or podcasts from your mobile device to your speakers\n\n24 bit\/96kHz High quality sound, powered by the cloud\n- Chromecast streams directly from the cloud, so you get the highest sound quality. Enjoy crystal clear sound exactly the way the artist intended\n\nMulti-room playback across speakers that have Chromecast built-in\n- Easily set up your system and control multi-room playback with the Google Home app. A step by step guide allows you to quickly start streaming your music\n\n2.4\/5GHz Wi-Fi connection network support\n- Support both 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi connection, resulting in a faster, robust and more stable wireless connection\n\nWireless Bluetooth streaming\n- Wirelessly stream high-quality sound from your smartphone or tablet\n\n10 hours of playtime\n- Built-in 6000mAh rechargeable Li-ion battery supports up to 10 hours of playtime\n\nIPX7 Waterproof\n- No more worrying about rain or spills; you can even submerge Link 20 in water\n\nLifestyle material\n- The durable fabric material and rugged rubber housing allows your speaker to outlast all your adventures",
    "videoid": "124832415",
    "date_created": "1508792817",
    "date_modified": "1508792953",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/overview-jbl-link-20-portable-bluetooth-voice-activated-speaker\/124832415"
}