{
    "title": "Cleer NC Over-Ear Black Headphones Model 80-1AA18A-001-01 - Overview",
    "description": "Cleer NC Over-Ear Black Headphones  - 80-1AA18A-001-01 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/96518\/Cleer-801AA18A00101.html\n\nOptimum Listening Experience In Noisy Environments \nThe built-in Hybrid noise cancellation technology is a total solution featuring a noise cancellation processor and the full circumaural design provides superior passive noise isolation blocking out nearly 99.5 of environment noise to create the ideal listening experience.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Hybrid Noise-cancelling Solution \nSilence is essential to a great music experience. However when on the move background noise leads to a poor music reproduction in particular in the bass range. \nHaving reasonable isolation of the environmental noise is essential to achieving the best user experience both when listening to music and making a telephone call. In these circumstances active noise control is designed to circumvent this issue by actively attenuating the external noise at a low frequency. \nCleers Hybrid noise cancellation technology is a total solution featuring a noise-cancellation processor. With four microphones the Hybrid noise cancellation system captures unwanted noise and then produces an inverted phase of identical sound which cancels them both out. Together with the full circumaural design employing superior passive noise isolation to block out almost 99.5 of environment noise the Cleer NC creates the best listening experience around.\n\u2022 PASC\u2122 (Psycho-Acoustic Spectral Compensation) \nHuman ears hear less bass frequency at low sound levels than at high sound levels. Bottom-end bass frequencies usually get lost when the volume is set at a low level. \nTo counteract this deficit PASC\u2122 (Psycho-Acoustic Spectral Compensation) sound technology inside the digital signal processor can boost the bass levels by emphasizing the bass content of the music. So Cleer headphones recall the true bass sound at low and high volume levels enabling you to enjoy consistent sound regardless of the volume setting.\n\u2022 High Definition Audio \nPeople tend to listen to digital music. or digital downloads from internet Instead of downloading digital compressed MP3 music the music savvy store their music in studio recording quality formats such as FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) and ALAC (Apple Lossless Audio Codec). The high definition audio can reproduce true-to-original performances so that every detail can be heard as if the artist were there performing live! High definition audio is becoming a mainstream trend. Cleers high quality audio products enable consumers to unbox their favourite music and enjoy digital music files which are better than CD quality. This is a trend not to be missed!\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Soft Leather Ear Pad and Headband\nThe super soft leather and an adjustable headband are unique and eco-friendly; each is made of artificial protein with the same look feel and softness as real leather.\n\u2022 High Quality Aluminium Housing \nSleek and contemporary design styling coupled with aluminium materials not only give these Cleer headphones a premium look and feel but are also durable and lightweight.\n\u2022 Full Circumaural Design \nThe full size ear cups provide superior passive noise isolation and the ergonomic design means these headphones not only fit your head but feel comfortable even after long hours of wearing making these a great choice for music enthusiasts.\n\u2022 Light-up Logo on Ear Cup \nAn LED is located behind the C logo on both sides of the ear cup that lights up wearing the headphones. A very cool look!\n\u2022 Fold-flat Design \nThe folding mechanism is designed for easy portabity and storage in the supplied hard-carrying case.\n\u2022 Detachable Audio Cables with Remote and Mic\n\u2022 Rechargeable Built-in Battery\n\u2022 Changeable Ear Pads",
    "videoid": "69863546",
    "date_created": "1450302118",
    "date_modified": "1482343357",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/cleer-nc-over-ear-black-headphones-model-80-1aa18a-001-01-overview\/69863546"
}