{
    "title": "Parrot Voice Controlled Bluetooth Kit MINIKITONEO Overview",
    "description": "Buy Parrot MINIKITNEO Voice Controlled Bluetooth Hands-Free Kit - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/64308\/Parrot-MINIKITNEO.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Control the MINIKIT Neo by voice\nSay the key word 'MINIKIT' at any time to trigger the voice recognition and then say the name of the contact. \n\u2022 Great sound quality\nDigital Signal Processing allows a drastic reduction of noise and a strong echo cancellation. \n\u2022 Hours of conversation\nEnjoy six month of standby with Ultra Low Power Mode. The MINIKIT Neo will tell you the remaining battery time vocally upon request. \n\u2022 Automatically activated\nThe kit integrates a vibration sensor to automatically switch on when you get in your car. \n\u2022 Connect two phones at once\nThanks to the Switch function you can use both phonebooks to make calls! \n\u2022 Easy update\nBenefit from new features or change the language of your MINIKIT Neo by downloading new software versions for free. \n\u2022 Simple pairing\nThe MINIKIT Neo will vocally guide you through the entire pairing process. Once your phone is paired the Bluetooth connection with the kit is absolutely automatic. \n\u2022 Listen to your music\nYou can listen to all your music on your phone and benefit from the voice commands of your navigation app directly on your kit. \n\u2022 All your contacts on your kit\nSynchronisation with your phonebook is automatic and all menus are vocal so you can stay focused on driving. \n\u2022 All these benefits are integrated in a compact and sleek design\nThe integrated clipping system is compatible with all sun -visors and can be reversed easily with only one hand when you fold or unfold the sun visor.",
    "videoid": "69864453",
    "date_created": "1405954951",
    "date_modified": "1477502500",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/parrot-voice-controlled-bluetooth-kit-minikitoneo-overview\/69864453"
}