{
    "title": "KitchenAid Black Stainless Steel Counter-Depth Side-By-Side Refrigerator - KRSC503EBS",
    "description": "KitchenAid Black Stainless Steel Counter-Depth Side-By-Side Refrigerator - KRSC503EBS\n\nThe sleek design of this 22.7 cu ft. side-by-side refrigerator features the Preserva\u00ae Food Care System. Its two independent cooling systems help keep food fresh while the FreshFlow\u2122 Air Filter minimizes odors, and the Produce Preserver delays over-ripening. The counter-depth gives the high-end look of built-in refrigerators and the Professionally-Inspired Design features Satin Textured Handles and the KitchenAid\u00ae Medallion.\n\nFeatures:\n\nPreserva\u00ae Food Care System\u00a0\nTwo independent cooling systems provide a dedicated refrigeration unit to help keep food fresh longer, and a separate system for frozen food. The FreshFlow\u2122 Air Filter helps minimize odors while the FreshFlow\u2122 Produce Preserver helps delay over-ripening\n\nCounter-Depth\u00a0\nGives the high-end custom kitchen look of a built-in refrigerator\n\nProfessionally-Inspired Design\u00a0\nCombines a bold blend of professionally-inspired styling with sleek touches for the home. This beautiful side-by-side refrigeration unit features Satin Textured Handles and the KitchenAid\u00ae Badge, a symbol of uncompromised quality\n\nIn-Door-Ice\u00ae System\nAdds interior room in the refrigerator with an ice bin that mounts on the inside left door of the refrigerator, keeping it out of the refrigerator compartment and allowing for extra shelf space\n\nLED Lighting\nIlluminates the inside of the refrigerator and freezer giving for better visibility. Unlike incandescent bulbs, LED lights use less energy, are maintenance-free and never need to be replaced\n\nAdjustable Spill Resistant Shelves\nPrevents messes from spilling over into other parts of the refrigerator. In place of a lip that can trap foods, the shelf edges are nano-etched with a finely texture surface that contains spills and lets you use the whole shelf from edge-to-edge\n\nExterior and Ice and Water Dispenser\u00a0\nProvides freshly filtered, great tasting water and ice that can be conveniently found right in the refrigerator door\n\nClear Door Bins with Metallic Accents\nAllow you to see labels right through the bins, helping you keep condiments and other items organized. Each bin is removable, making it easy to pull out, chop up and store an amazingly fresh produce, and simply slide back into the fridge\n\nMeasured Water Fill\u00a0\nDisplays and automatically dispenses water in ounces, cups, or liters. It can be programmed to pour a measured amount, helping make food prep easier. It can even be set up to fill essential items on a daily basis like a coffee pot or a water bottle\n\n\n\nSpecifications:\n\nConfiguration and Overview\n\nRefrigerator Type:\u00a0Side-by-Side\n\nStar K Compliant:\u00a0Sabbath Mode\n\nDoor Style:\u00a0Flat\n\nHandle Color:\u00a0Stainless Steel\n\n\n\nCapacity\n\nRefrigerator Capacity:\u00a013.65 Cu. Ft.\n\nFreezer Capacity:\u00a09.00 Cu. Ft.\n\nTotal Capacity:\u00a022.7 Cu. Ft.\n\n\n\nRefrigerator\n\nDoor Bins:\u00a01 Dairy, 2 Adjustable Gallon, 2 Adjustable Two-Liter\n\nHumidity-Controlled Drawers:\u00a02 Full-Width\n\nNon Climate-Control Drawers:\t1 Full-Width\n\n\n\nFreezer\n\nNumber of Freezer Shelves:\u00a04\n\nInterior Shelves:\t1 Fixed Full-Width Glass, 3 Adjustable Full-Width Glass\n\nLower Freezer Drawer:\u00a0Full-Width\n\nUpper Freezer Drawer:\u00a0Full-Width\n\nDoor Bins:\u00a03 Fixed Full-Width\n\nLight:\tLED\n\n\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\nHeight:\u00a071-1\/4\"\n\nWidth:\u00a035-3\/4\"\n\nDepth:\u00a030\"\n\nHeight To Top Of Cabinet:\u00a071\"\n\nDepth with Door Open 90 Degrees:\u00a045-7\/8\"\n\nDepth Excluding Doors:\u00a024-3\/16\"\n\nDepth Closed Excluding Handles:\u00a027-1\/2\"\n\nWidth with Doors Closed:\t35-3\/4\"\n\n\n\nApproximate Weight:\n\nShipping:\u00a0245 lbs\n\n\n\nWarranty Information:\n\nManufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer):\u00a0One Year Parts and Labor",
    "videoid": "162795363",
    "date_created": "1525196542",
    "date_modified": "1525196649",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/kitchenaid-side-x-side-refrigerator-krsc503ebss\/162795363"
}