{
    "title": "Bowers & Wilkins P5 Series 2 Headphones Overview",
    "description": "Bowers & Wilkins P5 Series 2 Black On-Ear Headphones - P5BS2 -http:\/\/abt.com\/product\/86577\/Bowers-Wilkins-P5BS2.html\n\nFeatures:\nEngineering\n\u2022 Hi Fi drive units - The drivers in P5 Series 2 are designed to work like those in a Hi-Fi speaker with more precise controlled movement. The result? A giant leap forward in sound quality.\n\u2022 Acoustically-optimised ear pads - P5 Series 2s ear pads feature an acoustically optimised grille pattern. This allows air to move freely through the pads reducing acoustic impedance to a minimum.\n\u2022 Tuned by experts - Tuning requires the fine judgement and an expert set of ears. For P5 Series 2 weve relied on the best ears in the business using the same tuning teamf responsible for our flagship 800 Series Speakers.\nDesign\n\u2022 High-quality materials - P5 Series 2 is crafted from aluminum and supple sheeps leather for maximum comfort and durability. Ultra-soft cushioning makes them very easy on the ears.\n\u2022 Detachable pads - P5 Series 2s ear pads are held in place with magnetes. So you can easily detach them to change the cable or replace them if they get damaged. Why buy new headphones when all you need is a new set of pads?\n\u2022 Made for iPhone - P5 Series 2 is the perfect partner for your iPhone. It comes with an easy to use Apple-approved microphone cable for taking calls and controlling your device on the move.",
    "videoid": "69864020",
    "date_created": "1424463287",
    "date_modified": "1477002945",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bowers-wilkins-p5-series-2-headphones-overview\/69864020"
}