{
    "title": "Dyson Supersonic Hero Product Video",
    "description": "The Hair Dryer Re-Thought Helps prevent extreme heat damage to protect natural shine\u00a0\n\nAir temperature is measured 20 times every second, keeping the temperature under control.\n\nFast drying. Controlled styling.\u00a0\nPowered by our fastest digital motor, the Dyson Supersonic\u2122 hair dryer produces airflow travelling at 105mph, for fast drying and precision styling. At the same time.\n\nEngineered for balance\nWe've turned convention on its head and put the motor in the handle. Completely rebalancing the dryer's weight and shape.\n\nStyling Made Simple Magnetic attachments\nOnly the Dyson Supersonic\u2122 hair dryer comes with magnetic attachments \u2013 so you can adjust quickly and easily.\n\nThe Dyson Smoothing nozzle dries hair gently using smooth, wide air. Watch it in action.\n\nNatural drying, accelerated\u00a0\nThe Dyson diffuser disperses air evenly around your curls, helping to reduce frizz and improve definition. Find out how it works.\n\nAirflow precisely where you need\u202fit\nWith the Dyson Styling concentrator, you can shape your hair one section at a time \u2013 without worrying about disturbing the rest. See a stylist put it to the test.\n\n3 precise speed settings\u00a0\nFast drying, Regular drying and Gentle drying\n\n4 precise heat settings\u00a0\n212\u00b0F Fast drying and styling\n\n176\u00b0F Regular drying\n\n140\u00b0F Gentle drying\n\nConstant cold\n\nEasy to clean\u00a0\nSimply twist and release to clean the filter\n\n9 ft salon-length cable\n\nThe Power Behind a New Kind of Hair Dryer The Dyson digital motor V9\u00a0\nThe Dyson digital motor V9 is our fastest yet. Uniquely positioned in the handle, it spins on average 6 times faster than other hair dryer motors at one inaudible frequency \u2013 yet is a third of the weight.1 Milled to a tolerance of 15 microns, its 13 blade impeller generates 3.5kPa of pressure, propelling 13 litres of air up to the amplifier every second. Up to 110,000 Revolutions per minute\n\n13 Impeller blades\n\n27mm Wide\n\nGlass bead thermistor\u00a0\nThis measures exit temperature 20 times every second, and reports it straight to the microprocessor.\n\nDamaged hair scatters light, leaving it dull\u00a0\nWhen hair is exposed to extreme temperatures, pores can begin to form within the strands. When light hits these pores, it scatters in all directions. This can reduce reflected light, decreasing shine.\n\nHair that\u2019s less damaged is better at reflecting light, making it shine\u00a0\nThe Dyson Supersonic\u2122 hair dryer uses intelligent heat control to maintain Dyson\u2019s optimum temperature, helping to prevent extreme heat damage. Less damaged hair reflects light in a single direction, making the hair appear shiny.\n\nVibration reduction mount\u00a0\nA rubber mount helps to prevent the motor from vibrating against the inside of the handle, reducing the transfer of noise between the motor and the case.\n\nOne inaudible frequency\u00a0\nThe Dyson digital motor V9 spins at up to 110,000 times a minute, with one inaudible frequency.\n\n\n\n\n\nEngineering Story So we built our own hair lab\u00a0\nWe started by constructing our own hair laboratory within our Research and Development facility in Malmesbury, England.\n\nAirflow precisely where you need\u202fit\u00a0\nWith the Dyson Styling concentrator, you can shape your hair one section at a time \u2013 without worrying about disturbing the rest. See a stylist put it to the test.\n\nEngineers, Trichologists, Scientists \u2026and a champion hair stylist.\u00a0\nAkin Konzi, four-time winner of British Hairdresser of the year, thought that hair dryers should work better too. Bringing decades of styling experience to our hair laboratory, he challenged Dyson engineers and scientists every step of the way \u2013 putting our prototypes through their paces.\n\nFail. Fail again. Fail better.\u00a0\nOver the five years of development, we built 600 prototypes. 599 of them were failures. But each one taught us something; how we could make it better. At times, we had to go back to the drawing board. But every iteration was an improvement. Every prototype was closer to being an invention.",
    "videoid": "108614474",
    "date_created": "1502123325",
    "date_modified": "1525722013",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dyson-supersonic-hero-product-video-30-sec-mp4\/108614474"
}