{
    "title": "Samsung SmartThings Hub F-H-ETH-001- Overview",
    "description": "Samsung SmartThings Hub - F-H-ETH-001\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98885\/Samsung-FHETH001.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=FHETH001_20160321\n\nMore Samsung SmartThings Videos: \n\nSamsung SmartThings Power Outlet:  https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=pBCzHwsKsvA\n\nSamsung SmartThings Sensor: \nhttps:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=0I07SMsTNak\n\nSamsung SmartThings Multipurpose Sensor: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=zXyXvCwoCck\n\nSamsung SmartThings Kit: \nhttps:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=9Ww6RFFlTOE\n\nThe heart of your smart home the Samsung SmartThings Hub communicates information from your smartphone to all of your different connected products\u2013regardless of their wireless protocol\u2013so that you can easily monitor and control them from the free SmartThings app. Whether you have two connected devices or 200 all you need is one Hub to create a smart home.\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 The Hub lets you easily control and monitor your home from anywhere\n\u2022 Stay connected to loved ones\n\u2022 Automate your homes lighting and save money on energy costs\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Connectivity Starts Here\nAllows you to connect all of your different smart locks lights outlets thermostats and more so that you can receive important notifications about whats happening in and around your home and remotely control your homes security energy usage lighting and more.\n\u2022 Simple Set-Up\nIncludes everything you need to get started: Ethernet cable a wall power adapter a micro-USB cord and a manual. No wiring or installation needed: Anyone with broadband Internet connection can easily set up their Hub.\n\u2022 Controlled through your smart phone\nThe easy-to-use SmartThings app turns your smartphone into a remote to control all of the smart devices in your home. Available for download for Android iOS and Windows. Minimum smartphone requirements: iOS 7.0 Android 4.0 Windows Phone 8.1 or greater.\n\u2022 Plays well with others\nOnce you have the Samsung SmartThings Hub and free SmartThings app you can add as many devices as you want to customize your smart home. Compatible with ZigBee Z-Wave and IP-connected devices. Works with the following brands: Samsung Honeywell Schlage Yale First alert D-Link OSRAM LIGHTIFY Leviton Bose Cree and others.\n\u2022 Video Capability\nKeep an eye on what matters most while youre away. Receive push notifications to live stream whats going on at home or record video clips 30 seconds before and for two minutes after a specified event takes place. Download recorded video clips to your smartphone which are stored for up to 30 days.",
    "videoid": "69863264",
    "date_created": "1458566212",
    "date_modified": "1476299131",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-smartthings-hub-f-h-eth-001-overview\/69863264"
}