{
    "title": "Tech21 Smokey Red Evo Mesh Case For iPhone 6\/6s T21-5009 - Overview",
    "description": "Tech21 Smokey Red Evo Mesh Case For iPhone 6 Plus\/6s Plus - T21-5019 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/102395\/Tech21-Smokey-Red-Evo-Mesh-Case-For-iPhone-6-Plus-6s-Plus-T215019.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=T215019_20160629\n\nEvo Mesh case for the iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus is ultra-thin and super-lightweight while offering advanced impact protection.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Protection that changed everything.\n\u2022 Advanced Impact Protection from 2\u2009m\u2009\/\u20096.6\u2009ft with FlexShock\u2122\n\u2022 Super lightweight and ultra thin\n\u2022 Full access to all ports and function buttons\n\u2022 Encases the corners and back of your device to provide secure fit and feel\n\u2022 Mesh pattern on the interior provides a sleek and minimalistic look\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Protection. In full Colour.\nOur vibrant colour range lets you choose the case that suits you safe in the knowledge that each one offers advanced impact protection and unhindered user experience thanks to tech21s unique FlexShock\u2122 material. The Evo Mesh case for iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus is ultra-thin and super-lightweight offering 2m drop protection.\n\u2022 Designed to protect. Styled to you.\nAvailable in a range of different colours the Evo Mesh lets you match your case to your own unique style.\n\u2022 Slimmer. Lighter. Better Protection\nWith FlexShock\u2122 the Evo Mesh Case is up to 30 slimmer and 60 lighter than other cases and offers advanced impact protection from drops of 2m\/ 6.6ft.\n\u2022 Unhindered user experience.\nFeaturing a stylish mesh pattern the Evo Mesh for iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus provides a secure fit and feel and gives comfortable and precise access to all ports and function buttons. And thanks to FlexShock\u2122 the case will never interfere with signal quality Wi-Fi or sensors.\n\u2022 Protected. For Life. \nLifetime case warranty included. Conditions apply.",
    "videoid": "69863139",
    "date_created": "1467202913",
    "date_modified": "1476384465",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tech21-smokey-red-evo-mesh-case-for-iphone-6-6s-t21-5009-overview\/69863139"
}