{
    "title": "Le Tour de France 1.0 Bike by ProForm",
    "description": "DescriptionRide the Tour from the Peloton 24 Preset Tour Apps\u00a0\nGo from spectator to participant when you ride key sections of the tour. Choose from 24 workouts and ride a mountain stage or speed through a time trial. 24 Tour Segment Workouts\n\nCycle Through France\n\nCondition for Any Mountain Stage 15% Incline and Decline Capability\u00a0\nNo matter the route, no matter the terrain, your TDF 1.0 automatically adjusts the incline and decline to simulate the actual landscape. With impressive 15 percent incline and decline capability, you can fully train all year for any course in the world. 0 \u2013 15% Incline\n\n0 \u2013 15% Decline\n\nThe World is Your Stage iFit\u00ae Bluetooth\u00ae Smart Enabled\u00a0\nStart in Normandy, France. Then head to Verona, Italy. Maybe you\u2019ll hit Salzburg, Austria next.\n\nWith your iFit\u00ae enabled bike, you won\u2019t want to stop pedaling. Our Google Maps\u2122 routes take you anywhere in the world\u2014you draw the course.\n*Access your iFit\u00ae account from your tablet or smartphone. Requires membership, sold separately. The Bluetooth\u00ae word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by ICON Health & Fitness is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners. Global Google Maps\u2122 Routes\n\nUnlimited Workout Library\n\nExpert Fitness Trackin\n\nYour Effort, Your Power Round Watts LED Display\u00a0\n\nHave you ever wondered if your workout is making a difference? With our new Watts LED Display you can watch your power output right on the console with bright LED lights. Based on our power algorithm of watts per kilogram, you can tell instantly if you are in the Endurance, Tempo, or Peak zone. Endurance, Tempo, and Peak Zones HIIT Training Power Watts Display Endurance, Tempo, and Peak Zones\n\nHIIT Training\n\nPower Watts Display",
    "videoid": "87488095",
    "date_created": "1480439859",
    "date_modified": "1490715810",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/le-tour-de-france-1-0-bike-by-proform\/87488095"
}