{
    "title": "Samsung Flexdry DVG60M9900",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the brand new Samsung FlexDry.  It has two different drying areas to dry a variety of clothes.  For more details or to place an order visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/109161\/Samsung-7.5-Cu.-Ft.-Black-Stainless-Steel-FlexDry-Gas-Dryer-DVG60M9900V.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=DVG60M9900_20170622 \n\nFeatures:\n- FlexDry:\nTwo dryers in one lets you dry delicates and everyday garments at the same time, or independently. By combining a conventional large capacity dryer with a delicate dryer, you can dry everyday clothes and delicates that need gentle care to keep your items in great condition.\n- Delicate Dryer: \nFlat dry delicates, sweaters, and accessorie to prevent items from shrinking and fabric damage. Unlike conventional dryers, the delicate dryer does not tumble.\n- Multi-Steam Technology:\nWith powerful and flexible steam options, you can reduce and remove wrinkles, odors, bacteria and static. Unlike other steam dryers which require users to manually refill a water reservoir, Samsung\u2019s Multi-Steam Technology requires no refills. Now you can confidently steam away wrinkles and spend less time ironing.\n- Vent Sensor: \nDetects duct blockages and reminds you to clean your vent.\n- Wi-Fi Connectivity:\nRemotely monitor remaining cycle time, receive alerts when the cycle is complete, and schedule cycles from anywhere using your smart phone device. Know your wash is done, without having to wait at home until the cycle ends.\n- Eco Dry: \nUses up to 25% less energy for every load, offering superior drying power while saving money in the long run.\n- Sensor Dry: \nOptimizes the time and temperature to dry clothes thoroughly. Moisture sensors detect when laundry has reached the optimal degree of dryness. They help protect your laundry from heat damage by automatically shutting off the dryer when your clothes are dry.\n- Smart Care: \nTroubleshoot straight from your smartphone. Smart Care interacts with your washer and dryer to perform an immediate diagnosis and offer quick solutions.",
    "videoid": "100869561",
    "date_created": "1498165242",
    "date_modified": "1498235481",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-flexdry-dvg60m9900\/100869561"
}