{
    "title": "Flexson Floorstand For Sonos Play:3 FLXP3FS1021 - Overview",
    "description": "Flexson White Floorstand For Sonos Play:3 - FLXP3FS1011 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/91931\/Flexson-FLXP3FS1011.html\n\nFlexson floorstands put your SONOS PLAY:3 speakers at the ideal listening height. Whether youre streaming music to a single speaker or using a pair of PLAY:3 speakers in stereo or in a 5.1 PLAYBAR set-up for your movies TV and more your system will look - and sound - great. Flexsons bespoke floorstand is precision engineered in England to perfectly match the size style and colour of the SONOS PLAY:3 speaker. It allows you to use the PLAY:3 in either a horizontal or vertical position. The Flexson floorstand for PLAY:3 is a sturdy metal design - with a stable base that can slip under sofas or chairs if needed. This new edition has enhanced cable routing with a cable channel at the rear of the upright column making it easier to neatly hide away the speakers power cable. Like all Flexson accessories for SONOS the floorstand is easy to assemble and use. It comes with your choice of spikes (for carpeted floors) or gel pads (for hard floors).\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Put your SONOS PLAY:3 at the ideal listening height\n\u2022 Floorstand. Bespoke design for SONOS PLAY:3 speaker\n\u2022 Enables PLAY:3 to be used in horizontal or vertical mode\n\u2022 Holds speaker securely at 820mm high\n\u2022 Clever cable management keeps things tidy\n\u2022 Precision engineered in England\n\u2022 Quick and easy to assemble.\n\u2022 Available in black or white\n\u2022 Sold as a single",
    "videoid": "69863655",
    "date_created": "1442437301",
    "date_modified": "1492182557",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/flexson-floorstand-for-sonos-play-3-flxp3fs1021-overview\/69863655"
}