{
    "title": "MartinLogan Crescendo Wireless Music System CRESCENDOGBK Overview",
    "description": "Buy MartinLogan Crescendo Wireless Music System - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/78705\/MartinLogan-CRESCENDOWAL.html\nShop All Portable & Bluetooth Speakers - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/358\/Portable-Bluetooth-Speakers.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Inspiring Design MartinLogan has always blended Science with Art and the Crescendo is no exception. Designed to fit a modern decor MartinLogan utilizes high-quality materials and finishes to give Crescendo a furniture and artwork like appearance. The result is striking. The dense cabinet enclosure wrapped in either high-gloss piano black paint or real-wood walnut veneer floats atop a sturdy aluminum stand and looks comfortably at home in any decor where aesthetics are as important as sound quality. A cleanly integrated front mounted control panel allows quick access to power input and volume controls. For across the room control Crescendo includes a custom remote control built from black anodized extruded aluminum.\n\u2022 Unmatched Performance At the core of the Crescendo is an advanced 24-bit 48kHz DSP (digital signal processing) based preamplifier in conjunction with a powerful class-D closed-loop 100-watt (140-watt peak) amplifier. Crescendos digital amplifier creates powerfully detailed sound from a custom designed front-firing 5x7-inch matte black polypropylene cone woofer with extended throw drive assembly in a non-resonant asymmetrical chamber format. Low frequencies are seamlessly blended with two of MartinLogans high-performance Folded Motion\u2122 tweeters for an astonishing room filling experience. The signature Folded Motion tweeters utilize extremely low mass diaphragms that squeeze air and require significantly less excursion than the typical 1-inch dome tweeter which drastically minimizes distortion while providing a lightning fast response time. The increased surface area also provides a wide yet controlled sound dispersion to create a realistic and carefully etched sound stage. Crescendo is crafted with a solid MDF enclosure that strengthens and intensifies low-frequency bass performance while minimizing vibrations. To further enhance bass performance Crescendo features an optional subwoofer output via an analog RCA connection. This option not typical of tabletop speaker systems customizes the crossover between the Crescendo and subwoofer to give true audiophiles the ability to supplement the low-frequency performance of their system.\n\u2022 Advanced Connectivity Six input methods allow for connection of virtually any device:\no Wi-Fi -- connect AirPlay capable devices wirelessly (iPhone iPad iPod or a computer with iTunes) to stream audio.\no Bluetooth -- connect Bluetooth capable devices wirelessly to stream audio. Bluetooth V4.0 supports SBC MP3 AAC and apt-X.\no Wired Ethernet -- audio information can be sent over a LAN to the Crescendo using various protocols (such as AirPlay or DLNA)\no USB -- connect compatible Apple devices and use the Crescendo as an audio dock and charger. The USB connection was designed to rapidly charge a variety of devices.\no Analog -- any device that has an analog audio output can connect to the auxiliary analog input via a 3.5mm headphone style jack.\no Optical digital -- any device that has a digital optical output can connect to the auxiliary digital input with the included mini-Toslink optical adapter (analog and digital connections share the same input)",
    "videoid": "69864542",
    "date_created": "1397753912",
    "date_modified": "1477511152",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/martinlogan-crescendo-wireless-music-system-crescendogbk-overview\/69864542"
}