{
    "title": "Bose SoundWear Overview",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the new Bose SoundWear companion speaker.  If you're someone who likes to have the music close to your ears but doesn't like wearing headphones, these are a great alternative.  For more details or to place an order please call us at 800-860-3736 or visit us at Abt.com.\n\nSOUNDWEAR: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/115256\/Bose-SoundWear-Black-Companion-Speaker-7714200010.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=Soundwear_20170104\n\nFeatures:\n- Hands free. Ears free.\nSure, you want music with you at all times. But you don\u2019t always want to slap on headphones and shut out everything else around you. You don\u2019t have to. The new SoundWear Companion speaker was designed for you. This wearable speaker offers the best of both worlds\u2014convenience and connection\u2014in a way that allows you to be present with your music as well as your surroundings. It rests comfortably on your shoulders, with sound that is full and clear to you\u2014yet minimizes the sound for others. And with legendary waveguide technology at its core, that performance is easy to trust.\n\n- Wearable Tech\u2014With A Familiar Twist \nWith some wearables, it\u2019s fashion before function. Not in this case. Every part of this speaker is meticulously engineered for better sound. But even a groundbreaking product can benefit from a proven technology\u2014like our waveguide technology. So we used two 11-inch waveguides to pump out what other wearable speakers don\u2019t\u2014deep, rich sound.\n\n- Surrounded In Sound. Aware Of your Surroundings.\nPut them on. Walk around. Take a call or ask Siri a question. This speaker gives you freedom from your devices and keeps you closer to your surroundings at the same time.\n\n- Battery Life\nPlays up to 12 hours. A quick 15-minute charge gives you up to 3 hours.\n\n- Vibrations For Incoming Calls\nHaptic alerts are a discreet way to notify you of incoming calls.\n\n- Sweat And Weather Resistant\nDon\u2019t worry about a little rain or a lot of sun. This wearable can take it.\n\n- Bluetooth Connectivity\nWireless Bluetooth pairing made easier with voice prompts.\n\n- Twist tested. Form fitted.\nWe designed the technology that delivers so much bass to bend with the neckband. And used special materials like a bend-and-stay steel wire encased in medical-grade silicone that has just the right amount of low-spring torsion to stay form-fitted to your shoulders. You\u2019ll find it\u2019s so comfortable all day long, you may forget you\u2019re wearing it.\n\n- Swappable. Stretchable. Durable.\nThe speaker isn\u2019t the only thing we obsessed over. Our custom designed covers are acoustically transparent, so nothing gets in the way of the sound. Static free so your hair and clothing don\u2019t cling to it. And four-way stretchable so it fits the speaker snugly. Your speaker includes a Black cover. Other optional colors available are Gray, Blue and Purple.\n\n- Bose Connect app\nControl your SoundWear speaker\u2019s Bluetooth connections and manage bass adjustments easily through the Bose Connect app. The app also provides product tips and lets you personalize your settings, so you can make them all yours.",
    "videoid": "121360790",
    "date_created": "1507138704",
    "date_modified": "1507138827",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-soundwear-overview\/121360790"
}