{
    "title": "Thermador 36 inch Gas Range Top - SGSX365FSS Features",
    "description": "Buy Thermador 36 Stainless Steel Gas Cooktop SGSX365FS now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/36459\/Thermador-SGSX365FS.html\nShop Gas Cooktops - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/465\/Gas-Cooktops.html\n\nWhether you are a novice in the kitchen or a brilliant chef you know that having the right tools will help you make your favorite foods. TheThermador SGSX365FS has a variety of excellent features that will make all your foods shine through. With the patented and exclusive Star burners they provide superior performance for all your cooking needs. Thermador gas cooktops offer powerful burners that will heat your food quickly and efficiently. The Thermador SGX365FS has a powerful 18000 BTU center-mounted burner for all your high-heat cooking needs.\nThe design of the Thermador SGX365FS brings a new experience of elegance to your kitchen. The chiseled angular design coordinates beautifully with the Thermador Masterpiece collection of appliances. With the high-grade quality die cast metal knobs they will bring a sophisticated look to your kitchens design. Top it off with a sleek control panel that features both glass and stainless steel your Thermador gas cooktop will look beautiful as it cooks perfectly. Find it at Abt Electronics!\nFeatures:\nInnovation\n\u2022 Patented and exclusive Star Burner provides superior performance\n\u2022 Exclusive 200 BTU ExtraLow burners for perfect simmering\n\u2022 Progressive illuminated control panel with metal knobs\nPerformance\n\u2022 Powerful 18000 BTU center-mounted burner\n\u2022 Continuous grates allow pots and pans to glide smoothly across the cooktop\n\u2022 Automatic electronic re-ignition\n\u2022 Knobs feature a safety push to turn system\n\u2022 Single point ignition - only burner that is being used is ignited\nDesign\n\u2022 Chiseled angular design coordinates with the suite of Thermador Masterpiece\u2122 Collection appliances\n\u2022 High-grade quality die cast metal knobs\n\u2022 Sleek control panel features glass and stainless steel",
    "videoid": "69864632",
    "date_created": "1390317719",
    "date_modified": "1499798329",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/thermador-36-inch-gas-range-top-sgsx365fss-features\/69864632"
}