{
    "title": "Manfrotto Black Off Road Stunt Roll Organizer MB OR-ACT-RO - Overview",
    "description": "Manfrotto Black Off Road Stunt Roll Organizer - MB OR-ACT-RO http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100799\/Manfrotto-Black-Off-Road-Stunt-Roll-Organizer-MBORACTRO.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MBORACTRO_20160712\n\nThe Manfrotto Off road Stunt Roll Organizer is specifically designed to carry action cameras and accessories. The Stunt Roll Organizer is compatible with GoPro cameras and with other action cameras. Made of soft materials it provides ultimate protection thanks to the padded camera compartment that can hold up to three action cameras. The Manfrotto Protection System keeps the cameras safely stored in flexible and adjustable dividers offering optimum carrying comfort during all your adventures. The organizer features many pockets for different size accessories and an elastic band for smaller accessories. A dedicated compartment stores your Off Road Stunt Pole and there is space for cables and other extra devices connected with your camera. You\u2019ll even find an extra zippered pocket that contains another smaller pocket dedicated to SD cards. \n\nWhen your adventure is about to end just roll your case up and all your gear will accompany you comfortably! The Stunt Roll Organizer fits in all the most popular Manfrotto Backpacks. The roll organizer is part of the Off Road Stunt collection a bag assortment that\u2019s strongly linked to the world of action and extreme sports trends and adventure travel. Besides this model there are two different sizes of hard cases and backpack in 2 colour versions for you to choose from.",
    "videoid": "69863124",
    "date_created": "1468353508",
    "date_modified": "1476385575",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/manfrotto-black-off-road-stunt-roll-organizer-mb-or-act-ro-overview\/69863124"
}