{
    "title": "Counter-top coffee maker by Brew Express",
    "description": "Enjoy your favorite hot beverage or coffee with Brew Express counter top coffee system. Easy to use and it fits in your home and your life. Space saving and self-filling. No more water mess. Truly Life Made Simple!\n\nMaking coffee can be a daily mess for many households. Consumers have been struggling with having to fill their coffee maker with water and it seems to be a task no one likes. Ice makers are like automatic self-filling coffee makers, because they self-fill with water. Most automatic coffee makers are only available in commercial coffee makers that are very large and very expensive. The Brew Express coffee maker offers a counter-top and built-in coffee maker that self-fills, and gives the consumers ultimate convenience. Brew Express allows the consumer to enjoy brewing options for making a single cup, half carafe, or full carafe of coffee. The consumer no longer needs to buy individual single cup coffee maker and a 10 cup coffee maker, because Brew Express gives the user the option to make coffee by the cup or the carafe in one machine. Brew Express is a space-saving and reliable commercial grade coffee maker that will last for years of use. Brew Express has many reviews directly from consumers that indicate their love for the product. Brew Express is a commercially tested thermal coffee maker that provides the consumer with multiple ways to make their favorite hot beverage. Brew Express gives consumers a way to enjoy the best cup of coffee all at the \"push of a button\". Now consumers can enjoy a clutter free counter-top, and use one product for making tea, making hot chocolate, or any other hot beverage including their favorite hot coffee. See our fun couple enjoying their Brew Express coffee maker. http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=3Uu-gZW-1ho",
    "videoid": "117415481",
    "date_created": "1332355164",
    "date_modified": "1505164396",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/counter-top-coffee-maker-by-brew-express\/117415481"
}