{
    "title": "Kamado Joe 13.5 Joe Jr. Red Ceramic Grill KJ13RH - Overview",
    "description": "Kamado Joe 13.5  Joe Jr. Red Ceramic Grill  - KJ13RH http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/101863\/Kamado-Joe-13.5-Joe-Jr.-Red-Ceramic-Grill-KJ13RH.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=KJ13RH_20160725\n\nThe unique kamado cooking experience is transportable for the first time ever with Kamado Joes innovative Joe Jr. Perfect for tailgates picnics pool parties camping and more Joe Jr. weighs only 68 pounds and boasts a 148.5 square-inch cooking surface\u2014ample space for a full beer can chicken with vegetables. The thick-walled ceramic body locks in heat moisture and flavor and the heat deflector plate allows cooks to experiment with indirect heat for more flexible cooking.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Portable. Flexible. \nAt the game on the lake or wherever life takes you our Joe Jr. packages all the ceramic grill quality and features Kamado Joe is known for in a smaller lighter design. The custom stand which is included with the grill features built-in handles for easy carrying.\n\u2022 Small Grill. Big Flavor. \nVarious portable grills promise convenience but none promise convenience and the rich smoky flavors of a genuine Kamado Joe. Our Joe Jr. delivers on both\u2014and even allows you to integrate wood chips and chunks in your on-the-go cook.",
    "videoid": "69863115",
    "date_created": "1469451792",
    "date_modified": "1476386214",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/kamado-joe-13-5-joe-jr-red-ceramic-grill-kj13rh-overview\/69863115"
}