{
    "title": "eero Home Wi-fi Systems - Overview",
    "description": "Shop for the eero Home Wi-fi Systems at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/103360\/eero-Home-White-Wi-Fi-Route-A010101.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=A010101_20160817\n\nYour WiFi problems gone \n-WiFi setup is the worst. You know it. We know it. With eero simply download the app and plug one eero directly into your existing cable or DSL modem. The app takes it from there prompting you to create a network name and password. Personality encouraged. Additional eeros just need power from a wall outlet. The app will help guide you where to place them to maximize their connection. You can add as many as you need to cover your home. They automatically connect to each other wirelessly. If you have Ethernet wiring you can hardwire some or all of your eeros. eeros software will automatically figure out whether to send data over Ethernet or through the air\n\nWiFi is no longer a black box\n-The eero app lets you manage your network from the palm of your hand so youll know how many devices are connected and the Internet speed youre getting from your ISP. The app also allows you to configure advanced settings like DHCP NAT DNS UPnP Port Forwarding and flux capacitation\n\nSecurity thats one step ahead \n-It may be out-of-sight out-of-mind once you set it up but think about the personal data transmitted over your network. eero is protected with state-of-the-art WPA2 encryption and because it controls the hardware and the software for your entire network it ensures that youre always secure. Since traditional routers dont push software updates to their customers they are left vulnerable to cyber attacks. eero updates automatically so that you not only have the latest features but the latest security\n\nNever reset your router again\n-The mysterious silver bullet to many a WiFi woe is to unplug your router then plug it back in. Its like blowing on a Nintendo cartridge: a not-so-modern trick. eero regularly runs checkups so your network is always at its best. In the unlikely event that theres an issue your system can automatically reboot an individual eero (or multiple eeros) to fix the problem\n\nBe our guest \n-Digging through the kitchen drawer and rattling off a 16-digit alphanumeric password from an old Post-it note is crazy. With eero you invite your friends to join your network straight from the eero app \u2014 it can be as simple as sending a text. Plus you can create an entirely separate guest network with the push of a button. Sure theyre your friends but every relationship needs boundaries\n\nMore family time less screen time \n-Parental controls shouldnt be one-size-fits-all: they should be tailored to each individuals age and specific needs. With Family Profiles manage your familys screen time by creating profiles setting schedules managing devices and pausing the internet for bedtime or important family moments like dinner. Now the only thing standing between you and a great family game night is your family\n\nIts all included. Even the future. \n-eero comes with more memory and power than currently needed to zap WiFi to every corner of your home. That makes it possible to add features and improve performance over time just by pushing an update from the cloud",
    "videoid": "69863094",
    "date_created": "1471542578",
    "date_modified": "1491324701",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/eero-home-wi-fi-systems-overview\/69863094"
}