{
    "title": "LG 27 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel French Door Bottom Freezer Refrigerator LMXS27626S - Overview",
    "description": "LG 27 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel French Door Bottom Freezer Refrigerator - LMXS27626S\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/85329\/LG-27-Cu.-Ft.-Stainless-Steel-French-Door-Bottom-Freezer-Refrigerator-LMXS27626S.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=LMXS27626SS_20160411\n\nWith a generous 27 cu. ft. capacity this LG four-door refrigerator not only has the features to help keep your food fresh its got the room to store it all. The Smart Cooling Plus System is designed to maintain superior humidity and temperature levels while a Fresh Air Filter helps keep the air around your food from getting stale. With Double Freezer Drawers and a 4-Compartment Crisper System organization is a breeze.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Store More\nStock-up and store everything you need. With a cavernous 27 cubic feet of space this LG French Door refrigerator gives you ample space for all of your familys favorite foods and keeps them conveniently organized and within reach.\n\u2022 Most Shelf Space\nIce makers are great but not if it means you cant fit all of your food in the fridge. The Slim SpacePlus Ice System provides more shelf space and allows even more space for door bins.\nStandard width french door refrigerator excludes other LG manufactured products\n\u2022 Fresher Is Better\nSmart Cooling system is designed to maintain superior conditions within the refrigerator. The Linear Compressor reacts quickly to temperature fluctuations and helps keep your food fresher longer. Meanwhile strategically-placed vents in every section surround your food with cool air no matter where you put it.\n\u2022 Peace of Mind \nWhen you buy a refrigerator you dont want to worry that it wont last. Because the Linear Compressor uses fewer moving parts and operates more efficiently LG confidently backs the Linear Compressor with a 10-year limited warranty.\n\u2022 The Ultimate in Organization\nLeave the pint of ice cream and frozen turkey where they belong. With 2 separate freezer drawers you have easy organized access to the things you need often\u2014and ample lower space for the things you dont.",
    "videoid": "69863235",
    "date_created": "1460386371",
    "date_modified": "1476309154",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lg-27-cu-ft-stainless-steel-french-door-bottom-freezer-refrigerator-lmxs27626s-overview\/69863235"
}