{
    "title": "Microsoft Xbox One S 500GB Minecraft Bundle - Unboxing",
    "description": "Microsoft Xbox One S 500GB Minecraft Bundle - ZQ900043\n\nFeatures:\n\nBuild, survive, and explore \n- Minecraft is a game about placing blocks and going on adventures. Explore randomly generated worlds and build amazing things from the simplest of homes to the grandest of castles. Play in Creative Mode with unlimited resources or mine deep in Survival Mode, crafting weapons and armor to fend off dangerous mobs. Do all this alone or with friends\n\nExplore the world of Minecraft \n- The Xbox One S Minecraft Favorites Bundle (500GB), features everything you need to build, create, and explore. Get full game downloads of Minecraft for Xbox One and Windows 10, plus 13 fabulous, community-favorite content packs, including Halo Mash-up and Festive Mash-up. Craft new Minecraft worlds together with friends on Xbox Live, the best community of gamers around the world\n\nMost innovative Xbox ever \n- Experience richer, more luminous colors with High Dynamic Range technology. Stream 4K video on Netflix and Amazon Video,2 and watch Ultra HD Blu-ray movies in 4K Ultra HD. Includes the newly streamlined Xbox Wireless Controller with Bluetooth. Compatibility with Kinect requires Kinect Adapter\n\nGreatest games lineup \n- All the blockbusters are on Xbox One, including Gears of War 4, Halo Wars 2, ReCore, and Crackdown 3. Plus,all the great franchises like FIFA 17, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, and Titanfall 2.3 And thanks to backward compatibility, Xbox One is the best place to play classic Xbox 360 games\n\nPlay together with Gold \n- With the most advanced multiplayer across Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs, Xbox Live is the world's premier gaming community. And with Xbox Live Gold, you get the most advanced multiplayer, free games, exclusive member discounts, up to 50-75% off games in the Xbox Store, and more\n\n40% smaller. 500GB of storage. Internal power supply. \n- Play the greatest games lineup, including Xbox 360 classics, on a 40% smaller console. Just don't let its size fool you: with an internal power supply and up to 500GB of internal storage, the Xbox One S is the most advanced Xbox ever\n\nHigh Dynamic Range \n- Experience richer, more luminous colors in games like Gears of War 4 and Forza Horizon 3. With a higher contrast ratio between lights and darks, High Dynamic Range technology brings out the true visual depth of your games\n\n4K Ultra HD Blu-ray\u2122 and Streaming \n- With four times the resolution of standard HD, 4K Ultra HD delivers the clearest, most realistic video possible. Stream 4k content on Netflix and Amazon Video and watch Ultra HD Blu-ray movies in stunning visual fidelity with High Dynamic Range\n\nIR Blaster \n- Configure your Xbox One S to turn on other devices, like your TV, audio\/video receiver, and cable\/satellite receiver. Whether you're playing a game or watching a movie, the integrated IR blaster will get you to the action faster, allowing you to leave your remotes behind\n\nXbox Wireless Controller \n- Experience the enhanced comfort of the new Xbox Wireless Controller, featuring a sleeker, more streamlined design. Get up to twice the wireless range. Stay on target with textured grip. And with Bluetooth\u00ae technology, play your favorite games on Windows 10 PCs, tablets, and phones\n\nPlay Xbox 360 games on Xbox One \n- Xbox One backward compatibility\u2014the #1 fan-requested feature\u2014is now reality. Play a growing number of your Xbox 360 games on Xbox One at no additional cost. And with hundreds of titles being added in the months to come, Xbox One is now the best place to play your Xbox 360 games\n\nWhat's Included:\n\n- Xbox One S 500GB console\n- Xbox Wireless Controller\n- Minecraft: Xbox One Edition Favorites Pack\n- Minecraft Builder's Pack\n- Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition Beta\n- 14-day Xbox Live Gold trial",
    "videoid": "88465852",
    "date_created": "1493057970",
    "date_modified": "1493060068",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/minecraft-60sec-1-mp4\/88465852"
}