{
    "title": "Find Your Stride With The Endurance 920 E Elliptical By ProForm",
    "description": "The Endurance 920 E Elliptical by ProForm gives you a wide range of options to customize your workout experience. Adjust the stride, incline, and resistance so you get the most from your time. Use the built-in workouts or pair with iFit to give you even more options! You'll find all these features and more when you buy the Endurance 920 E Elliptical.\n\nSHOP the official Proform website:\n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/2GWsfK\n\nLike what you see here? Check out more machines from ProForm:\n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=G7dKJ...\n\n\nSUBSCRIBE to ProForm on YouTube: \n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/UW10Ah\n\n\nWATCH more on the ProForm Channel: \n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/ProFormLive \n\n\nLIKE us on FACEBOOK: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/proform\nFOLLOW us on TWITTER: https:\/\/twitter.com\/proformfitness\nFOLLOW us on INSTAGRAM: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/proformfitness\n\n\nWe know your time is a precious commodity\u2014and any time spent on yourself is a miracle. After years of hard work and innovation, we figured out how to make your fitness experience convenient and simple. When you step on the deck of a ProForm treadmill, you get instant access to professional training programs fully loaded and ready to go. Now you can enjoy a challenging workout focused in on your goals. Just press \u201cStart\u201d and you\u2019re off..",
    "videoid": "130145850",
    "date_created": "1511215716",
    "date_modified": "1521730411",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/find-your-stride-with-the-endurance-920-e-elliptical-by-proform\/130145850"
}