{
    "title": "Sub-Zero 30 Panel Ready Integrated Wine Refrigerator With Drawers IW30RRH - Overview",
    "description": "Sub-Zero 30 Panel Ready Integrated Wine Refrigerator With Drawers - IW30RLH\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/88268\/Sub-Zero-IW30RRH.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=IW30RRH_20160209\nWe cant imagine a tastier combination. A nutty gruyere with pinot noir perhaps or a full-bodied Burgundy with creamy epoisses. Consider our IW-30R Wine Storage a celebration of all such delicious pairings. It preserves and protects up to 86 bottles of wine while down below in two commodious refrigerator drawers (4.0 cu. ft. total capacity) you have ample room for cheeses limes and other appropriate edibles as well as beer mineral water and all the other beverages you and your guests like to drink.\nOf course the main thing is the IW-30R take very good care of your valuable wine. It has two individually controlled wine storage zones so you can store and serve both reds and whites at the proper temperature. Racks glide smoothly in and out providing access without agitating wine. UV-resistant bronze-tinted glass prevents light exposure. And dual evaporators maintain constant moderate humidity. So raise a glass to better wine preservation \u2013and dont forget the brie.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Design Flexibility\nChoose the classic stainless steel look or match your custom cabinetry \u2013 custom front panel and hardware allow for infinite design options.\n\u2022 Independent Storage Zones Control Temperature\nThree independent storage zones maintain wines temperature within 1\u2070 of set point holding wines at precisely the storage and serving temperature you prefer. Temperature range from 40\u2070F to 65\u2070 F.\n\u2022 Discreet Interior Lighting\nSoft-on LED lighting illuminates gradually making it easy to find the bottle you want. Just switch it on and your wine becomes a decorative element in the room.\n\u2022 Intuitive Touch Control\nTouch control panel allows you to keep temperatures within one degree of set point.\n\u2022 Star-K Compliant\nJust install the harness kit for Sabbath and holiday mode.\n\u2022 Roller-Glide Shelves Minimize Vibration\nShelves cradle bottles safely glide smoothly in and out to provide access without agitating wine. Improved door hinge system makes for softer opening and closing also minimizing agitation.\n\u2022 Dual Evaporators Control Humidity\nConstant moderate humidity means no dry corks or wet peeling labels \u2013 and no oxidation robbing wine of its proper flavor.\n\u2022 UV-Resistant Glass Prevents Light Exposure\nUV-resistant dark-tinted glass and a dark interior wall shield wine from the harmful rays that can cause premature aging and even unpleasant odors.\n\u2022 Accommodates Different Size Bottles\nSafely stores 750 ml bottles half bottles and magnums.\n\u2022 Home Security System Connection\nProtect your significant wine investment by linking in with your overall home security system.\n\u2022 Prized Bottles?\nThe illuminated display shelf is the perfect place to store them for you and your guests to appreciate.\n\u2022 Optional Inventory Tiles System\nCabernet chardonnay pinot noir \u2013 these clever metal inventory tiles ID each bottle of wine so you can easily find exactly what youre looking for. Eight varieties included plus blank tiles that allow you to create your own specific titles. Available as an accessory.\nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Custom front panel and hardware allow for infinite design options.\n\u2022 Dual evaporators provide constant moderate humidity so corks dont dry out\n\u2022 Three independent storage zones keep wines at ideal temperature\n\u2022 Bronze-tinted UV-resistant glass protects against light exposure\n\u2022 Soft-on LED lighting illuminates gradually\n\u2022 Wine racks accommodate 750 ml bottles half-bottles and magnums.\n\u2022 Intuitive touch control panel keeps temps within one degree of set point\n\u2022 Wine Storage Capacity:\no 86 bottles\no 4.0 cu ft\n\u2022 Door Clearance: 28 1\/2\n\u2022 Star K Certified\n\u2022 Door Swing: Left Hand\n\u2022 Electrical:\no Supply: 115 VAC 60 Hz\nService: 15 amp circuit",
    "videoid": "69863318",
    "date_created": "1455045985",
    "date_modified": "1476291699",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sub-zero-30-panel-ready-integrated-wine-refrigerator-with-drawers-iw30rrh-overview\/69863318"
}