{
    "title": "Whirlpool 30in Freestanding Gas Range WFG320MOBS",
    "description": "Whirlpool 30\" Stainless Steel Freestanding Gas Range - WFG320M0BS\n\nFeatures:\n\nOffers Flexibility and Efficiency For Your Everyday Cooking Tasks\nWhirlpool\u00ae freestanding gas ranges offer the flexibility and efficiency you need for your everyday cooking tasks\n\n5.1 cu. ft. Capacity\nPrepare multiple dishes for family meals and holiday turkeys with the 5.1 cu. ft. capacity gas range. It provides plenty of room to help you manage all of your large cooking tasks\n\nPower\u2122 Burners\nGenerate the high heat needed for rapid boiling, searing and frying with multiple Power\u2122 burners that offer up to 15,000 BTUs\n\nContinuous, Satin-Finish Cast-Iron Grates\nCast-iron grates cover nearly the whole cooktop surface, giving you the flexibility to easily slide heavy pots and pans to optimal cooking locations. The grates are dishwasher-safe, and their satin finish resists wear and tear\n\nLarge Oven Window\nThe large window allows for a clear view of the oven interior. Monitor cooking progress without opening the door, keeping oven temperatures steady and undisturbed\n\nUnder-Oven Broiler\nPerfectly toast a pan of garlic bread and melt cheese on top of casseroles with the under-oven broiler. It's large enough to broil an entire rack of your favorite foods. The full-width, drop-down door design spans the range from side to side, creating enough space for all your broiling needs\n\n5,000 BTU AccuSimmer\u00ae burner\nThe 5,000-BTU AccuSimmer\u00ae burner allows for precise temperature control that is perfect for melting chocolate or simmering sauces. When using the AccuSimmer\u00ae burner, power is reduced to deliver better control and lower temperatures\n\n9,500-BTU Burner\nA 9,500-BTU burner provides enough cooking power for your everyday dishes\n\nGriddle (optional)\nThis dishwasher-safe griddle offers you more cooking area and flexibility while keeping the rest of the burners free to cook the rest of your meal. Now you can grill vegetables, fajitas and other favorite foods quickly and easily on the cooktop\n\nAdjustable Oven Racks\nTwo adjustable oven racks can be moved into different positions to better accommodate almost any size of cookware, so you can get your whole meal done at the same time. Use one of the full-width oven racks in the under-oven broiler to easily broil favorites\n\nControl Lock\n\nCustom Broil\nAllows you to set your preferred broiling temperature in 5-degree increments between 300\u00b0F and 525\u00b0F. High heat is best for grilling meats, while low heat is ideal for delicate tasks such as melting cheese\n\nClock & Timer\nThe clock can be set to display the time on a 12-hour cycle. The oven timer can be set in hours or minutes, for a duration of up to 12 hours and 59 minutes\n\nOven Light\nProvides the illumination you need to see inside your oven whether the door is opened or closed. The light is controlled with an on\/off switch\n\n\n\nSpecifications:\n\nCapacity\n\nCapacity:\u00a05.1 Cu. Ft.\n\n\n\nCooktop\n\nCooktop Element Style:\u00a0Sealed Burner\u00a0\n\n\nCooktop Surface Color:\u00a0Black\u00a0\n\n\nCooktop Surface Material:\u00a0Porcelain Coated Steel\u00a0\n\n\nNumber of Cooking Element-Burners:\u00a04\n\n\nLeft Front Element-Burner Power:\u00a015000 BTU\u00a0\n\n\nLeft Front Element-Burner Type:\u00a0Single\u00a0\n\n\nLeft Rear Element-Burner Power:\u00a09500 BTU\u00a0\n\n\nLeft Rear Element-Burner Type:\u00a0Single\u00a0\n\n\nRight Front Element-Burner Power:\u00a015000 BTU\u00a0\n\n\nRight Front Element-Burner Type:\u00a0Single\u00a0\n\n\nRight Rear Element-Burner Power:\u00a05000 BTU\u00a0\n\n\nRight Rear Element-Burner Type:\u00a0Simmer\u00a0\n\n\nDishwasher Safe:\u00a0Yes\u00a0\n\n\nGrate Finish:\u00a0Matte\u00a0\n\n\nGrate Material:\u00a0Cast Iron\u00a0\n\n\nGrate Type:\u00a0Continuous\u00a0\n\n\nNumber of Grates:\u00a02\u00a0\n\n\n\n\nOven\n\n\nNumber of Oven Lights:\u00a01\u00a0\n\n\nPower On Indicator Light:\u00a0Yes\u00a0\n\n\nBroiler Location:\u00a0Drawer\u00a0\n\n\nHidden Bake Element:\u00a0Yes\u00a0\n\n\nLight Type:\u00a0Incandescent\u00a0\n\n\nNumber of Oven Lights:\u00a01\u00a0\n\n\nNumber of Oven Racks:\u00a02\u00a0\n\n\nNumber of Rack Guides:\u00a05\u00a0\n\n\nOven Cooking System:\u00a0Thermal\u00a0\n\n\nOven Rack Type:\u00a0Standard\n\n\n\n\nStyle and Extras\n\nDrawer Type:\u00a0Broiler Drawer\u00a0\n\n\nHandle Material:\u00a0Metal\u00a0\n\n\nSelections:\u00a0Clock; Timer; Control Lockout\n\n\nUL:\u00a0Yes\u00a0\n\n\n\n\nElectrical\n\n15 Amps Amps. 60 Hz. 120 V\n\n\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\nHeight:\u00a046-1\/4\"\n\n\nWidth:\u00a029-22\/25\"\n\n\nDepth:\u00a027-1\/5\"\n\n\n\n\nApproximate Weight:\n\nShipping:\u00a0136 lbs\n\n\n\nWarranty Information:\n\nManufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer):\u00a0One Year Parts and Labor",
    "videoid": "138991527",
    "date_created": "1516914737",
    "date_modified": "1516917399",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/whirlpool-30in-freestanding-gas-rane-wfg320mobs\/138991527"
}