{
    "title": "Tumi Alpha 2 International Expandable 4 Wheeled Carry-On 22060 Navy\/Anthracite - Overview",
    "description": "Tumi Alpha 2 International Expandable 4 Wheeled Carry-On - 22060 - Navy\/Anthracite http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/92086\/Tumi-22060NavyAnthracite.html\n\nTumi elevates your travel experience with Alpha 2 the pinnacle of our design innovation engineering functionality and performance. Alpha 2 embodies Tumi\u2019s commitment to making the best better; it incorporates over 30 design improvements and more than 14 patented and trademarked Tumi components. The result is a collection of cases that are lighter and stronger while offering increased packing capacity sleeker profiles smarter functionality and easier maneuverability. Collection highlights include: 4-wheel cases with 360\u00b0 wheels that are recessed into the bodies of the cases to provide more interior space a lower center of gravity and stable multi-directional navigation our patented Durafold\u2122 Construction method that reinforces the case frames for superior strength and longevity impact-resistant caps that provide additional corner durability and our super-tough and virtually damage-proof X-Brace 45 handle system. Many of the 4-wheel cases feature three-stage telescoping handles and Tumi\u2019s patent-pending easy-to-use Lever Lock\u2122 Expansion System that opens and closes securely to provide two-stages of expansion for additional packing space. Alpha 2 is made from Tumi\u2019s patented ultra-durable FXT ballistic nylon. This 4-wheel compact and expandable carry-on is ideal for short overnight trips and travel within Europe and other international locations. The main compartment expands by 2 (5cm) and features a removable garment sleeve. Three-stage telescoping handle and 4-wheel system with recessed swivel wheels. Interior accessory po ckets; large exterior pockets. Note that hanger shown is not included with this item; it may be purchased separately (0052).\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Primary Material: Ballistic Nylon \n\u2022 Interior:\no Garment section in lid compartment\no Hanger bracket\no Zip pockets\no Mesh zip pocket\no Passport pocket\no Ticket pocket\no Tie-down straps\n\u2022 Exterior:\no Front U-zip pocket\no Additional front zip pocket\no 4 recessed swivel wheels\no Top side and bottom grab handles\no 3-stage telescoping handle\no Protective bumper guards\no Add-a-Bag strap\no ID tag",
    "videoid": "69863652",
    "date_created": "1442589381",
    "date_modified": "1477676148",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tumi-alpha-2-international-expandable-4-wheeled-carry-on-22060-navy-anthracite-overview\/69863652"
}