{
    "title": "Enjoy The Efficiency Of The 550R Rower From ProForm",
    "description": "The 550R Rower From Proform allows you to enjoy the benefits of rowing from the comfort of your living room. With adjustable resistance and foot pedals, you can customize your experience to exactly what you need.  When you're done, you can fold it up and tuck it away until your next workout. \n\nSHOP the official Proform website:\n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/2GWsfK\n\nLike what you see here? Check out more machines from ProForm:\n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=G7dKJ...\n\n\nSUBSCRIBE to ProForm on YouTube: \n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/UW10Ah\n\n\nWATCH more on the ProForm Channel: \n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/ProFormLive \n\n\nLIKE us on FACEBOOK: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/proform\nFOLLOW us on TWITTER: https:\/\/twitter.com\/proformfitness\nFOLLOW us on INSTAGRAM: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/proformfitness\n\n\nWe know your time is a precious commodity\u2014and any time spent on yourself is a miracle. After years of hard work and innovation, we figured out how to make your fitness experience convenient and simple. When you step on the deck of a ProForm treadmill, you get instant access to professional training programs fully loaded and ready to go. Now you can enjoy a challenging workout focused in on your goals. Just press \u201cStart\u201d and you\u2019re off..",
    "channelid": "87488363",
    "videoid": "133232608",
    "date_created": "1513193014",
    "date_modified": "1521731050",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/proform-channel\/enjoy-the-efficiency-of-the-550r-rower-from-proform\/87488363-133232608"
}