{
    "title": "Sony SRSXB40 Portable Bluetooth Speaker",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the SRSXB40 portable bluetooth speaker from Sony.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=srsxb40&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=SRSXB40_20170420\n\nFeatures:\n- Feel the music with EXTRA BASS: Hit the EXTRA BASS button to get things going. Dual passive radiators work together with stereo full-range speakers to enhance low-end tones, giving bass a boost \u2014 despite the compact size.\n- Build energy with flashy lights: Get the atmosphere right with a multicolored line light and flashing strobe.\n- Bring the bass \u2014 wherever you go: The wireless SRS-XB40 is easy to move. With a long battery life and a water-resistant surface, you're free to pick it up and put it anywhere.  \n- Water-resistant design: Whether you're listening to tunes indoors or outdoors, you can relax knowing the wireless speaker is IPX5 water-resistant.\n- Up to 24 hours of battery life: Play music all day and night with up to 24 hours of battery life. The voice feedback function tells you the remaining battery level and when it's time to recharge.\n- Small and light design: Thanks to its compact size, you can pick up the speaker, pop it in your bag, and take it anywhere you want.\n- Get things booming with Wireless Party Chain: Enjoy the same song with Wireless Party Chain. Connect up to 10 wireless speakers via Bluetooth\u00ae and synchronize the music and lighting so everyone's dancing to the same beat. \n- Add an extra speaker for room-filling stereo sound: Simply connect two wireless speakers for wider stereo sound.\n- Easy control with SongPal: Manage your music quickly and easily from your smartphone with SongPal. Simply install the app and take control of music, lights, and more.\n- Fun, easy control via the Fiestable app: Take charge of playback, speaker lights and DJ sound effects all from your smartphone with the Fiestable app. \n- Better Bluetooth: LDAC transmits approximately three times more data (at the maximum transfer rate: 990 kbps) than conventional Bluetooth\u00ae audio for a superior wireless listening experience.\n- One-touch listening with NFC: Simply touch your NFC-enabled smartphone to the speaker and get the beats going.\n- Get connected with USB: Connect your smartphone via USB for battery charging.\n- Multi-device connection: Multi-device connection Connect up to three devices and play your favorite tunes in turn.",
    "videoid": "87729528",
    "date_created": "1492717679",
    "date_modified": "1492798775",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-srsxb40-portable-bluetooth-speaker\/87729528"
}