{
    "title": "Overview: B&W PX Headphones",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the PX headphones from Bowers and Wilkins.  These are their first noise cancelling headphones and they definitely did not disappoint.  For more information or to place an order please call us at 800-86-3736 or visit us at Abt.com.\n\nPX Headphones: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=px%20headphones&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=PXHeadphones_201701011 \n\nFeatures:\n- Best-In-Class Sound \nThe driving force of PX is a pair of bespoke Bowers & Wilkins drive units derived from the reference P9 Signature headphone. A fully digital headphone, PX uses the latest aptX HD Bluetooth transmission system at 24-bit resolution for a stunningly accurate performance.\n\n- Intuitive User Experience \nPX uses built-in sensors to enhance the way you instinctively use a set of headphones. Put them on your head and they\u2019ll switch on: take them off and they\u2019ll return to stand-by mode. Lift an ear cup to talk or hang them round your neck and PX will pause the music, resuming playback when you\u2019re ready to listen. It\u2019s as if the headphones are an extension of you, anticipating your needs.\n\n- Noise Cancellation \nPX\u2019s active noise cancelling signal has been painstakingly refined to block out ambient sound without affecting the listening experience. With three environment filters (Flight, City and Office) controlled through the companion app, PX always delivers optimum isolation, wherever you are.\n\n- Superior Comfort and Battery Life\nThe design and construction of PX is lightweight but robust. They feature a lightweight frame combined with a ballistic nylon shell and beautifully soft leather ear cushions. The design also folds at so PX can slip easily into a slim bag, and with 22 hours of wireless listening from one charge, PX won\u2019t let you down.",
    "videoid": "122842845",
    "date_created": "1507733425",
    "date_modified": "1507740793",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/overview-b-w-px-headphones\/122842845"
}