{
    "title": "How To: Set Up Your Roku 4 Media Player - 4400R",
    "description": "Roku 4 Streaming Media Player - 4400R http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95135\/Roku-4400R.html\n\nFeatures:\n\nAmazing content endless choice \nEvery Roku player provides access to 2500+ channels on demand offering 300000+ movies and TV episodes and the ability to search across more than 20 top streaming channels to find the best price and option\nKey things to know: Some channels require payment. Channel availability can change and varies by country\nThe best Roku player ever\nRoku 4 offers advanced processing for smooth streaming at higher resolutions plus unique new features like a lost remote finder. It delivers our award-winning interface and high-quality upscaling for HD content\nBrilliant picture quality \nGet the visual rush of true 4K Ultra HD streaming. Roku 4 can support amazing detail realistic color and smooth motion delivered by the next generation of streaming technology when used with compatible 4K Ultra HD TVs\nMade for your 4K Ultra HD or HD TV \nRoku 4 will automatically adapt and deliver the best picture quality your TV can display. Advanced upscaling ensures that your TVs maximum resolution will be optimized so whether you have an HD TV or a 4K Ultra HD TV youll view the best picture possible\nLost remote finder \nGremlin hid your remote? Just press the button on top of your Roku 4 and your remote will tell you where it is\nSay it. Stream it. \nWith voice search just tell the enhanced remote what youre looking for and get fast and comprehensive results by title actor or director\nSearch across top channels\nSearch across the top channels by keyword title actor or director using your remote or the Roku mobile app. Roku Search makes it easy to find whats on where you can watch it for free with a subscription or how much the different channels charge to rent or buy\nSome channels require payment\nMovie night for you. Quiet night for them.\nPlug the included headphones into the enhanced remote to enjoy a late-night flick without waking anyone up\nWorks with your phone or tablet \nBrowse and add new channels \u2014 or send video music photos and more to your TV\u2014using your iOS Android\u2122 and Windows devices. Create a stunning 4K UHD or 1080p slideshow on your TV\nFollow your favorites\u2014movies shows and more\nWith the Roku Feed\u2122 you can follow movies TV shows actors and directors and get automatic updates when new content is ready to stream or when the price drops\nFun games at your fingertips \nPlay games using a motion-control remote that features special gaming buttons",
    "videoid": "69863574",
    "date_created": "1447701512",
    "date_modified": "1476899268",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-set-up-your-roku-4-media-player-4400r\/69863574"
}