{
    "title": "Sony SRSXB20 Portable Bluetooth Speaker",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the SRSXB20 speaker from Sony.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=srsxb20&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=SRSXB20_20170420\n\nFeatures:\n- Give your beats a boost with EXTRA BASS: Hit the EXTRA BASS\u2122 button to get things going. Dual passive radiators work together with stereo full-range speakers to enhance low-end response\u2014 giving bass a boost despite the compact size.\n- Connect and stream music easily with Bluetooth\u00ae and NFC: Connect your smartphone with the one-touch ease of NFC and get the beats going instantly. No NFC? No problem. Connect via Bluetooth and you're ready to go.  You'll also enjoy better Bluetooth\u00ae. LDAC transmits approximately three times more data (at the maximum transfer rate: 990 kbps) than conventional Bluetooth\u00ae audio for a superior wireless listening experience.\n- Add a splash of colored light: See your stylish wireless speaker stand out with a single-colored line light.\n- Get things booming with Wireless Party Chain: Enjoy the same song with Wireless Party Chain. Connect up to 10 wireless speakers via Bluetooth and synchronize the music and lighting so everyone's dancing to the same beat.\n- Add an extra speaker for room-filling stereo sound: Simply connect two wireless speakers for wider stereo sound.\n- Water-resistant design: Whether you're listening to tunes indoors or outdoors, relax knowing the wireless speaker is IPX5 water-resistant.\n- Up to 12 hours of battery life: Play music all day with up to 12 hours of battery life. The voice feedback function tells you the remaining battery level and when it's time to recharge.\n- Small and light design: Thanks to its compact size, you can pick up the speaker, pop it in your bag and take it anywhere you want.\n- Increase the clarity and quality of what you hear with ClearAudio+: Unique to Sony, ClearAudio+ automatically adjusts sound settings for an enriching listening experience. By bringing together expertise in digital signal processing technologies, ClearAudio+ is able to optimize audio to deliver a consistently clear, high-quality sound, whether you're enjoying music.\n- Easy control with SongPal: Manage your music quickly and easily from your smartphone with SongPal. Simply install the app and take control of music, lights and more.",
    "videoid": "87729530",
    "date_created": "1492712161",
    "date_modified": "1492797975",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-srsxb20-portable-bluetooth-speaker\/87729530"
}