{
    "title": "Ninja Black Coffee Bar With Glass Carafe CF081 - Overview",
    "description": "Ninja Black Coffee Bar With Glass Carafe - CF081\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/97831\/Ninja-CF081.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=CF081_20160304\n\n\nThe best coffeehouse in town is on your countertop with the Ninja Coffee Bar\u2122 brewer. \n\nNinja\u2019s patent-pending brewing technology is designed to deliver better richer- tasting coffee with variable richness levels that are never bitter. Only the Ninja Coffee Bar brewer has Thermal Flavor Extraction which truly unlocks the full flavor potential of your coffee using automated controls for Temperature Calibration Pre-infusion & Coffee Saturation. \n\nOnly Ninja Auto-iQ\u2122 One-Touch Intelligence allows you to CHOOSE A SIZE CHOOSE A BREW. \nFeatures:\n\u2022 CHOOSE A SIZE: Brew directly into your favorite cup travel mug or make a half carafe or full carafe. \n\u2022 CHOOSE A BREW: At the touch of the brew button Thermal Flavor Extraction enables you to dial up flavor richness from Classic Brew to Rich Brew to Over Ice Brew in the size you want. You can also select Concentrated Coffee for hot and frozen blended specialty coffeehouse style drinks. \no Classic: Smooth balanced flavor from your favorite coffee.\no Rich: Richer more intense than Classic but not bitter coffee flavor that stands up to milk\/cream.\no Over Ice: Specially designed to brew hot over ice to lock in flavor for a freshly brewed iced coffee that is not watered down.\no Specialty: Super-rich concentrate designed to create hot milk-based iced and frozen blended coffeehouse-style drinks.\n\u2022 Auto-iQ\u2122 One Touch Intelligence draws just the right amount of water needed from the reservoir based on the brew size you choose and brew type you select - so you get the right flavor to extract to achieve just the strength you want for each drink you make.\n\u2022 The Ninja Coffee Bar brewer also comes with the Ninja Easy Frother\u2122 which froths milk and cream for making delicious coffeehouse-style drinks such as latte-style drinks cappuccino-style drinks or even iced blended drinks. \n\u2022 Wake up to the aroma of your favorite coffee brewing with the Ninja Coffee Bar\u2122 Delay Brew function. Program the Ninja Coffee Bar Delay Brew to brew any size or style at any time in the next 24 hours.",
    "videoid": "69863289",
    "date_created": "1457106776",
    "date_modified": "1476296382",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ninja-black-coffee-bar-with-glass-carafe-cf081-overview\/69863289"
}