{
    "title": "Get Fit With The CardioHIIT Trainer By ProForm",
    "description": "The CardioHIIT Trainer offers you the most complete and efficient workout options. Work your upper and lower body while fitting in your cardio in as little as 15 minutes! The low-impact nature of the CardioHIIT Trainer means you're not going to ruin your joints just so you can get a high-intensity workout. Get the most out of your machine with iFit. It offers everything from video classes to nutritional advice to help you be in the best shape.\n\nSHOP the official Proform website:\n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/2GWsfK\n\nLike what you see here? Check out more machines from ProForm:\n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=G7dKJ...\n\n\nSUBSCRIBE to ProForm on YouTube: \n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/UW10Ah\n\n\nWATCH more on the ProForm Channel: \n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/ProFormLive \n\n\nLIKE us on FACEBOOK: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/proform\nFOLLOW us on TWITTER: https:\/\/twitter.com\/proformfitness\nFOLLOW us on INSTAGRAM: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/proformfitness\n\n\nWe know your time is a precious commodity\u2014and any time spent on yourself is a miracle. After years of hard work and innovation, we figured out how to make your fitness experience convenient and simple. When you step on the deck of a ProForm treadmill, you get instant access to professional training programs fully loaded and ready to go. Now you can enjoy a challenging workout focused in on your goals. Just press \u201cStart\u201d and you\u2019re off..",
    "channelid": "87488363",
    "videoid": "138026718",
    "date_created": "1516223905",
    "date_modified": "1521730542",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/proform-channel\/get-fit-with-the-cardiohiit-trainer-by-proform\/87488363-138026718"
}