{
    "title": "Yamaha Sound Bar Speaker YAS-106 - Overview",
    "description": "Shop for the Yamaha YAS-106 Sound Bar Speaker at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/103308\/Yamaha-Black-Sound-Bar-Speaker-YAS106.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=YAS106_20160907\n\nEnhance your favorite shows and music with clear full-range sound from this sleek sound bar featuring built-in subwoofers. Its ultra slim design fits neatly in front of your TV on a shelf or can be mounted to a wall. Bluetooth wireless technology lets you stream music from your iPhone iPad and Android\u2122 devices.\n\nFeatures:\n\nClear Full-Range Sound:\n\nAs TVs have gotten thinner and thinner so has the sound quality from their built-in speakers. This single piece sound bar makes it easier than ever to enhance your TV sound so you can hear all the details of your favorite shows and movies. Its also great for listening to music\n\nDeep Rich Bass from Dual Built-In Subwoofers:\n\nThe YAS-106 is equipped with dual built-in subwoofers plus a unique bass reflex port and Bass Extension processing to deliver exceptional low-end performance without the need for a separate subwoofer box. For those who crave even more a subwoofer output lets you hook up an optional powered subwoofer\n\nUltra-Slim and Wall Mountable:\n\nAt just a touch over two inches tall this sound bar fits in front of most TVs without blocking the screen. If you prefer to wall-mount it the YAS-106 offers a flexible orientation with built-in keyholes and it automatically adjusts the sound profile based on your desired placement type\n\nBluetooth Wireless Music Streaming:\n\nFill your home with music the quick and easy way! Stream from Bluetooth compatible smartphones and tablets. You can play audio from many apps and streaming music services\n\nEasy Setup:\n\nUse a single optical cable (included) to connect the sound bar to your TV or use an HDMI cable for best performance\n\nHDMI Terminals with 4K Ultra HD Support \nThe YAS-106 has one HDMI input and one HDMI output. It supports 4K \/ 60p (4:2:0) video signal pass-through and HDCP 2.2 digital copy protection making it compatible with the latest sources and TVs. Also the HDMI output supports Audio Return Channel (ARC) which simplifies connectivity with compatible TVs\n\nSimple Operation:\n\nThe YAS-106 comes with a sleek easy-to-use remote control included. Also if your TV supports HDMI CEC and you use HDMI connectivity it is possible to adjust the volume of the sound bar using your TVs remote to simplify day-to-day operation\n\nHome Theater Controller App:\n \nThe YAS-106 is compatible with a free controller app for iOS and Android. The intuitive and easy-to-see operating screen uses icons that let you easily perform a variety of operations. You can also select five surround modes: Movie Sports Game Music or TV\n\nCompressed Music Enhancer:\n\nThe Compressed Music Enhancer restores frequency response lost during digital compression so your music sounds the way it should. Optimized for Bluetooth audio transmission youll enjoy vivid lively sound quality during wireless playback. When a compressed source is played the Compressed Music Enhancer engages automatically\n\nClear Voice:\n\nClear Voice raises the level of dialogue and narrations while maintaining overall sound quality. Movies and TV shows sports commentary and news broadcasts are more clearly audible\n\nGeneral Specifications:\n\n- Drivers: 2-1\/8 cone woofer x 3 built-in subwoofer x 1 dome tweeter x 2\n- Output Power: 120 W total power: 30 W x 2 + 60 W built-in subwoofer\n- Power Consumption: 27 W\n- Standby Power Consumption: 0.4 W (HDMI control Bluetooth standby off) 1.9 W (HDMI control Bluetooth standby on)\n\nInput \/ Output:\n\n- HDMI: 1 in \/ 1 out\n- Digital Optical: 1 in\n- Analog Audio: 1 in (stereo mini)\n- Subwoofer Output: Yes\n\nHDMI:\n\n- 4K Pass-through: Yes (50 \/ 60 Hz YCbCr=4:2:0 HDR HDCP 2.2)\n- 3D Pass-through: Yes\n- ARC: Yes\n- CEC: Yes\n\nSound Technology:\n\n- Surround Technology: Virtual Surround Processor\n- Compressed Music Enhancer: Yes (for Bluetooth)\n- Bass Extended: Yes\n\nAudio Formats:\n\n- Dolby Digital\n- Dolby Pro Logic II\n- DTS Digital Surround\n\nConnectivity:\n\nWireless Music Streaming: Yes (with Bluetooth)\n\nBluetooth Version\/Profile: (Version) Ver. 2.1 + EDR \/ A2DP SPP; (Codec) SBC AAC\n\nBluetooth Maximum Communication Range: 33 ft. (without obstructions)\n\nApp Control: Yes",
    "videoid": "69863074",
    "date_created": "1473273824",
    "date_modified": "1480543414",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/yamaha-sound-bar-speaker-yas-106-overview\/69863074"
}