{
    "title": "Unboxing: Sony 2.1 Ch. Black Sound Bar With Wireless Subwoofer - HTCT390",
    "description": "Unboxing: Sony 2.1 Ch. Black Sound Bar With Wireless Subwoofer - HTCT390\n\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100586\/Sony-2.1-Ch.-Black-Sound-Bar-With-Wireless-Subwoofer-HTCT390.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=HTCT390_20160601\n\nSony 2.1 Ch. Black Sound Bar With Wireless Subwoofer - HTCT390\n\nFeatures:\n\n2.1 channel system brings out the best in your movies \nFeel the full force of every movie soundtrack with this 2.1 channel sound bar. The two drivers have been carefully engineered to deliver a balanced audio response across all frequencies while a wireless subwoofer adds more body to your bass \u2013 so every explosion and action sequence hits harder than ever before.\n\nCinematic S-Force Front Surround\nAn immersive virtual surround sound experience. S-Force Front Surround mimics the way the brain correlates sound sources to create proper volume time lag and sound wave spectrum \u2014 using only left and right speaker channels. By naturally emulating three-dimensional sound fields youll be able to enjoy rich high-fidelity audio across a wider listening area.\n\nClearAudio+ enriches your music \nUnique to Sony ClearAudio+ automatically adjusts sound settings for an enriching listening experience. By bringing together expertise in digital signal processing technologies ClearAudio+ is able to optimize audio formats to deliver a consistently clear high-quality sound whatever music youre into.\n\nNFC One-touch for instant connectivity \nNear Field Communication (NFC) technology makes complex set-up sequences a thing of the past. Simply touch your NFC-enabled device to the on-body N-mark for a quick seamless connection then start streaming content via Bluetooth. No NFC? No problem. You can still manually connect to Bluetooth using your devices settings menu.\n\nWireless streaming with Bluetooth \nWirelessly stream audio from your favorite tracks and apps with Bluetooth. Once paired with almost any smartphone or tablet you can enjoy your music and even control the playlists and volume right from your device.\n\nS-Master digital amplifier: true sonic purity\nEnjoy the best of digital audio with the S-Master digital amplifier. Using a simplified full digital signal path the S-Master amplifier reproduces digital audio signals without the multiple analog stages required by conventional amplifiers. The result is not just more power but significantly less distortion caused by heat build-up.\n\nUnite your music with SongPal \nDownload SongPal for your smartphone or tablet and take control of your music collection. Simply connect over Bluetooth and youll have seamless access to all your favorite tracks whether theyre stored on your smartphone tablet or favorite online music service. The app can also be used to customize sound settings to ensure great balanced audio.\n\nSimplify your setup with HDMI ARC output \nThe HDMI ARC (Audio Return Channel) means audio is also carried back to your sound bar from compatible TVs without the need for an extra audio cable. Every device connected to your TV can now be heard through the sound bar so you can hear all of your audio in high quality.\n\nWireless subwoofer for flexible setup\nAdd impact to movies with rich powerful bass. Position the 6 (15 cm) wireless subwoofer anywhere in the room to enjoy rich resounding bass with fine low-end detail thanks to a bass-reflex port. The compact stylish black unit blends in with any d\u00e9cor.",
    "videoid": "69863166",
    "date_created": "1464785051",
    "date_modified": "1476381958",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-sony-2-1-ch-black-sound-bar-with-wireless-subwoofer-htct390\/69863166"
}