{
    "title": "Samsung Flexwash WV60M9900",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the brand new Samsung FlexWash model WV60M9900.  It offers two washing machines in one.  For more information or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/109170\/Samsung-6.0-Cu.-Ft.-Black-Stainless-Steel-FlexWash-Washer-WV60M9900AV.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=WV60M9900_20170622 \n\nFeatures:\n- FlexWash:\nTwo washers in one lets you wash separate loads at the same time, or independently. With two individually controlled washers in the same unit, you can run two kinds of washes with different settings and options, keeping your various types of clothes clean and in great condition.\n- 6.0 cu. ft. Capacity:\nThe largest 5.0 cu. ft. capacity lower washer in its class translates to fewer loads to save time, while the 1.0 cu. ft. upper washer lets you conveniently wash smaller loads.\n- Super Speed: \nWash a full load in as little as 30 minutes. Select Super Speed to power through laundry day 45% faster without sacrificing cleaning performance.\n- Steam Wash:\nUses the power of steam to remove stains without pre-treatment. Unlike other washers which release steam from above, Samsung releases steam from the bottom of the laundry tub, saturating every item in the load and leading to an even deeper clean.\n- Wi-Fi Connectivity: \nKnow your wash is done, without having to wait at home until the cycle ends.\n- PowerFoam:\nOptimizes your HE detergent performance to penetrate and cleanse fabric more deeply. Our unique PowerFoam\u2122 technology uses an innovative mixture of water, air and detergent to penetrate deep into the heart of fabric. Confidently deep clean even your bulkiest items with the power of foam.\n- VRT Plus\u2122 Technology: \nReduces vibration 40% more than standard VRT\u2122 for quiet washing. An innovative tub design and special sensors keep heavy loads balanced even at high spin speeds.\n- Self Clean: \nKeeps your laundry drum fresh and odor-free without the use of harsh chemicals \u2013 through a combination of soaking, pulsating and high speed spinning. Self Clean also sends reminders to clean the drum every forty wash cycles.\n- Smart Care:\nTroubleshoot straight from your smartphone. Smart Care interacts with your washer and dryer to perform an immediate diagnosis and offer quick solutions.",
    "videoid": "100869562",
    "date_created": "1498164804",
    "date_modified": "1498831506",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-flexwash-wv60m9900\/100869562"
}