{
    "title": "Sony Extra Bass Bluetooth Over-Ear Wireless Headphones MDR-XB950 - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Blue Extra Bass Bluetooth Over-Ear Wireless Headphones - MDR-XB950BT\/L http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100217\/Sony-Blue-Extra-Bass-Bluetooth-Over-Ear-Wireless-Headphones-MDRXB950BTL.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MDRXB950BTL_20160722\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Electro Bass Booster for club-like beats \nFeel your headphones throbbing with deep club-like bass. The Electro Bass Booster is a powered bass enhancer that increases low-frequency sound using Digital Signal Processing. Driven by the rechargeable battery in the headphones this technology provides more of a multi-sensory deep bass experience than conventional bass boost enhancers. You can turn Electro Bass Booster on and off depending on the music you are listening to\n\u2022 Tight bass with Beat Response Control \nBeat Response Control technology delivers tight deep bass response making it perfect for low-end focused music styles. An air vent maximizes airflow within the low frequency range optimizing the efficiency of the diaphragm to enable more accurate reproduction of bass rhythms\n\u2022 Advanced Direct Vibe Structure for balanced bass \nThe headphones Advanced Direct Vibe Structure ensures youll be able to enjoy balanced bass response \u2014 whatever your musical style. Each ear cup contains two flexible diaphragms front and rear that are tightly sealed to isolate your musics bass signatures for a smooth resonating low-end response\n\u2022 High sensitivity for a loud clear sound \nWith a high sensitivity of 102 dB\/mW these headphones are highly efficient in converting electricity into acoustic signals. This means youll hear a louder sound across the entire audio spectrum (compared to less sensitive headphones) when listening to music through the same source and at the same volume level\n\u2022 Dynamic Neodymium drivers deliver precise sound \nLightweight 1.57 in dynamic Neodymium driver units enable the headphones to deliver a punchy rhythmic response to even the most demanding track. Combined with a highly sensitive diaphragm youll be able to turn the headphones up louder and still enjoy clear precise audio across the spectrum\n\u2022 Wide frequency response for a full range of sound \nThe wideband frequency range\u2014spanning 3 Hz to 28 kHz\u2014is designed for todays bass-heavy music. The 3 Hz low end of the frequency range picks up every powerful sub-bass note while at the 28 kHz high-end youll be able to enjoy vocal melodies in outstanding clarity\no  Passive operation only; 20 Hz to 20 kHz A2DP\n\u2022 One button control of smartphone calls \nStay in touch while listening to music. The one-button control on your headphones lets you take hands-free calls whenever they come through on your Android smartphone or iPhone. You can also skip music tracks with a flick of your finger and switch easily between songs and calls with no need to remove your headphones\n\u2022 Easy wireless streaming with Bluetooth \nBased on radio waves Bluetooth technology allows you to make a quick short-range wireless connection that wont be interrupted by objects in the signal path. Once paired youre free to stream all of your favorite music from your smartphone or tablet to your headphones\n\u2022 One-touch listening to play instant music \nNFC (Near Field Communication) technology removes the need for wired connections and complex setup sequences. Simply touch your NFC-enabled smartphone or other device to the on-body N-mark and start your music. No NFC? No problem. You can also pair the devices manually in Bluetooth settings\n\u2022 Listen with the supplied audio cable \nFeel like listening to your music without Bluetooth? Just connect the supplied audio cable to your headphones and plug into your favorite music player for high-quality sound. The cable is 3.94 feet long and designed for durable everyday use\n\u2022 Pressure-relieving earpads seal in sound\nThe oval earpad design with pressure-relieving cushions has been engineered to match the shape of your ears ensuring a secure fit with minimal sound leakage. Ultra thick earpads with seamless 3D sewing seal in sound reflecting acoustics back towards your ears. As a result youll hear more of your music with less outside interference and maximum bass signatures\n\u2022 Swivel folding design makes travel easy \nThe perfect pairing for whose who live life on the go. The sliding metal headband and swivel folding design makes it easy to store your headphones when not in use or while traveling. The earcups swivel flat to allow easy packing in a suitcase or for slipping into a bag",
    "videoid": "69863117",
    "date_created": "1469205072",
    "date_modified": "1482342244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-extra-bass-bluetooth-over-ear-wireless-headphones-mdr-xb950-overview\/69863117"
}