{
    "title": "Dyson Cinetic Big Ball Animal + Allergy",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the Dyson Cinetic Big Ball + Allergy upright vacuum.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/89103\/Dyson-Cinetic-Big-Ball-Animal-Allergy-Upright-Vacuum-20603301.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=CINETICBIGBALLALLERGY%20_20170629 \n\nFeatures:\n- Dyson Cinetic\u2122 science: \nDyson Cinetic\u2122 science has revolutionised vacuum cleaner technology \u2013 it captures the microscopic dust that clogs others. Dyson Cinetic\u2122 science generates centrifugal forces of up to 313,000G flinging particles as small as pollen and mold spores from the air and into the bin. Each of the 35 Dyson Cinetic\u2122 tips oscillate 350 times every second, preventing dust building up and blocking the airflow. Dust separation is so efficient there's no need for a pre-motor filter, so it doesn't lose suction\n- No dirty filters to wash or replace: \nThe only vacuum with no filters to wash or replace, so there's no clogging and no loss of suction\nSelf-adjusting cleaner head \nAn active base plate automatically adjusts the cleaner head height to seal in suction across all floor types. This ensures that even the microscopic particles between floorboards are sucked up into the vacuum. The motorised brush bar with stiff nylon bristles drives deep into carpet to remove ground-in dirt\n- Ball\u2122 technology: \nFixed wheels are not designed to turn corners. But a ball can turn on the spot. As the ball's axis is tilted, its turning circle tightens \u2013 allowing full and accurate steering control. The vacuum's key components have been engineered to fit inside the ball itself. This gives the machine a streamlined profile, allowing access to tight spaces and lowering its centre of gravity to make it lighter in the hand\n- Whole-machine HEPA filtration: \nDyson Cinetic\u2122 science captures allergens and bacteria. And the whole system is engineered to be completely sealed \u2013 ensuring no dirty air escapes\n- Designed for homes with pets:\nThe Tangle-free Turbine tool is the only turbine tool that doesn't tangle. Counter-rotating heads with brushes remove hair from carpets and upholstery, so there's no brush bar for hair to wrap around. The flexible heads bend to maintain contact across uneven surfaces, and they're positioned so that the brushes reach to the front and sides of the tool \u2013 drawing hair and dirt in from all directions. More hair is released straight into the bin than with any other mini turbine tool\n- Engineered to remove allergens:\nThe Dyson Cinetic Big Ball vacuum comes equipped with four tools for removing allergens. Whether it's a delicate surface or a difficult space, there's a Dyson-engineered tool that's designed for the task in hand\n- Carbon fiber soft dusting brush: \nThe new Carbon fiber soft dusting brush has ultra-fine carbon fiber filaments to improve pick-up of fine dust from hard surfaces. Its thin profile fits into small crevices and an angled handle makes it easier to use\n- Reach under tool: \nThe Reach under tool is a completely redesigned flexi-crevice tool. Its paddle-shaped profile, robust bristles and flexible construction enable dust and dirt removal from the most hard-to-reach parts of your home \u2013 quickly and effectively\n- Multi-angle brush: \nThe Dyson Multi-angle brush twists to give multiple angles to remove dust, dirt and allergens from hard to reach surfaces such as cupboard tops, door frames and lampshades. The rotating joints click-lock into different positions for cleaning at multiple angles\n- Mattress tool: \nThe Dyson Mattress tool attaches to the wand or hose on your Dyson vacuum cleaner to remove dirt, allergens and dust mites from mattresses and upholstery.The front and back edges gather, ball and release fibers into the airflow, where they are sucked away. The top is angled to distribute suction power evenly across the tool. A 45 degree neck angle and rounded front make it easier to push across fabric, carpet pile and mattresses\n- Dyson tool bag: \nThe Dyson tool bag is designed to keep all of your Dyson tools and cleaning accessories in one place\n- Hygienic bin emptying: \nJust push the button to release the dirt",
    "videoid": "102370663",
    "date_created": "1498754801",
    "date_modified": "1498831440",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dyson-cinetic-big-ball-animal-allergy\/102370663"
}