{
    "title": "Nyne Cruiser Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Overview",
    "description": "Buy Nyne Cruiser Wireless Bluetooth Speaker - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=nyne+cruiser\n\nEnhance your active lifestyle with the NYNE Cruiser a rugged portable wireless Bluetooth speaker you can take with you anywhere anytime. Adjustable handlebar mounting clips let you add musical pizzazz to a leisurely bike ride or a humdrum gym workout. Use the carabineer to clip the Cruiser onto your backpack and take a hike. Got a cranky baby in a stroller? Youll appreciate the convenience of lullabies or rock music at your fingertips right next to the cup holder. The fashionable two-tone rubberized finish protects against spills or raindrops. The versatile NYNE Cruiser also features a 10-hour rechargeable battery state-of-the-art NFC technology and a built-in noise-canceling microphone for hands-free calling. If youre on the move you need the Cruiser!\nFeatures\n\u2022 Built-in microphone for hands-free calling\n\u2022 3.5mm auxiliary input\n\u2022 Universal handlebar mount clips \n\u2022 NFC for simplified pairing\n\u2022 Bluetooth 4.0 with a range of 33 feet \n\u2022 10 Hrs. playtime\n\u2022 Built-in phone charging via USB\n\u2022 Carry Case with spring loaded hook",
    "videoid": "69864466",
    "date_created": "1405005118",
    "date_modified": "1477503967",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/nyne-cruiser-wireless-bluetooth-speaker-overview\/69864466"
}