{
    "title": "Unboxing: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3",
    "description": "Shop for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7\" 32GB Silver Tablet With S Pen at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/109513\/Samsung-Galaxy-Tab-S3-9.7-32GB-Silver-Tablet-With-S-Pen-SMT820NZSAXAR.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=SMT820NZSAXAR_20170321\n\nFeatures:\n\nAll-new glass design\u00a0\nFor the first time, enjoy the sleekness of a smartphone with all the benefits of a tablet. The glossy glass back of the Galaxy Tab S3 provides a premium look that also feels premium in your hands\n\nFeast your eyes\u00a0\nWhen it comes to your viewing experience, the brighter the better. The Galaxy Tab S3's screen provides bright and colorful images, and with HDR video playback capabilities, you'll get a true-to-life view that pulls you into the content *On-screen image is for illustration purposes only. HDR video playback is available only for videos streamed via the Amazon app\n\nUpgrade your view\u00a0\nFrom games to movies, the Galaxy Tab S3 offers a quality visual experience. Inside the tablet is a Snapdragon 820 processor that sets a new standard for CPU and GPU performance. Plus, the Vulkan graphics take your gaming to a whole new world, while HDR video support makes the scene come alive *HDR video playback is available only for videos streamed via the Amazon app\n\nFour speakers, fantastic sound\u00a0\nThe Galaxy Tab S3's quad-speaker system has sound coming from each corner, automatically following the direction mode of the screen. So you'll hear every note whether you hold it horizontal or vertical\n\nTuned by AKG\nWe collaborated with AKG's skilled sound engineers to provide clear, crisp and high quality AKG sound that immerses you in the experience\n\nGame on\u00a0\nThe Galaxy Game Launcher has been optimized for Galaxy Tab S3's screen, offering Power Saver mode, Game Broadcasting, and Mute Games and Ongoing Calls mode. Add in the exciting graphics of the Vulkan API capabilities and the myriad games available in the Galaxy Game Pack for non-stop fun *Galaxy Game Pack game apps can be downloaded at Exclusive Game Offers in the For Galaxy menu in Galaxy Apps\n\n*Game Broadcasting feature will be added soon\n\nWrite naturally\u00a0\nThe new, redesigned S Pen feels and writes just like your favorite ballpoint, plus it doesn't need recharging. Measuring 9.4 mm in diameter, it ensures a stable, comfortable grip. And we've narrowed the tip to 0.7 mm, for the clearest, most natural handwriting yet\n\nNot just any pen\u00a0\nThe pen is mightier with S Pen-specific apps. Easily jot down important reminders, events, and more with Samsung Notes. Then let your creative side loose by sharing your latest masterpiece on PEN.UP or composing a tune by drawing in Soundcamp\n\nJust your type\u00a0\nThe dedicated keyboard offers easy typing with fewer typos, thanks to its optimized layout. Plus the keyboard plugs directly in to the Galaxy Tab S3, making connectivity a breeze *Keyboard sold separately\n\nCharge faster, play longer\u00a0\nWith a longer battery life and faster charging, you don't have to worry about being tied down near an outlet\n\nSpecifications:\n\nOS\nOS:\u00a0Android N\n\nCamera\nCamera Resolution (Front):\u00a05MP (F2.2)\nCamera Resolution (Rear):\u00a013MP AF (F1.9)\nVideo Recording Resolution Recording:\u00a0UHD (3840x2160) @ 30fps\nPlayback:\u00a0UHD (3840x2160) @ 60fps\n\nBattery\nBattery Type and Size:\u00a06000mAh\n\nMemory\nInternal Memory:\u00a032GB ROM, 4GB RAM\nExternal Memory\/MicroSD Capacity:\u00a0microSD up to 256GB\n\nCPU\nProcessor Speed, Type:\u00a0Qualcomm APQ 8096 (2.15GHz + 1.6GHz)\n\nConnectivity\nWi-Fi:\u00a0802.11 a\/b\/g\/n\/ac\nBluetooth:\u00a0Yes\nType-C USB 3.1:\u00a0Yes\nWi-Fi Direct:\u00a0Yes\nS Pen Pen tip:\u00a00.7 mm\nPressure level:\u00a04096\n\nDisplay\nMain Display Resolution:\u00a0QXGA (2048 x 1536)\nMain Display Size:\u00a09.7\"\nMain Display Technology:\u00a0sAMOLED\n\nAudio\nSpeaker:\u00a04 speakers (Top: 2, Bottom: 2)\n\nVideo\nRecording:\u00a0UHD (3840x2160) @ 30fps\nPlayback:\u00a0UHD (3840x2160) @ 60fps",
    "videoid": "87406777",
    "date_created": "1490129950",
    "date_modified": "1490131245",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-samsung-galaxy-tab-s3\/87406777"
}