{
    "title": "Breville BJE200XL Compact Juicer Juice Fountain : Breville...",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/25273\/Breville-BJE200XL.html\nShop Juicers - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/682\/Juicers.html\n\nBreville Juice Fountain Compact Model BJE200XL\nThis compact design packs all of the punch that you expect from a Breville juice extractor in a smaller footprint to conserve countertop space.\nEnjoy a quick and refreshing cup of fresh juice with the Breville BJE200XL 700-Watt Compact Juice Fountain. This juicer features a unique cyclonic system that minces fruits and vegetables into tiny particles in no time. Its 700-watt motor spins for about 14000 times per minute giving you 8oz of fresh juice in just 5 seconds! With a powerful stainless steel cutting disc and a micro mesh filter the Breville BJE200XL juicer not only extracts more juice but also retains more vitamins and minerals compared to other juicers. You need not slice cut or peel the fruit as the 3-inch feeding tube lets you juice up whole fruits. Cleaning is a breeze as the juicer is dishwasher safe. It also comes with a cleaning brush for added convenience. The Breville BJE200XL Juice Fountain's Compact design lets you save valuable countertop space. Versatile compact and easy to use this juicer is a smart addition to any kitchen.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Motor\nThe 700 watt motor spins the filter basket at 14000 RPM extracting a 8 oz. cup of juice in 5 seconds\n\u2022 Body\nThe easy to clean internal pulp container is simple to assemble and makes 1.5 quarts of juice before the need to empty. All parts are dishwasher safe and a custom cleaning tool\/brush is included\n\u2022 Filter and Cutter\nThe patented dual centered knife system minces fruits and vegetables into minute particles and forces them against the mesh filter for speed and maximum yield\n\u2022 Feed Tube\nThe patented extra large 3 inch feed tube allows you to juice whole fruits and vegetables for quick and clean juicing\n\u2022 Stabilizing Knife\nThe patented stabilizing knife centers the fruits or vegetable over the cutter and filter to increase yi",
    "videoid": "69864875",
    "date_created": "1373483876",
    "date_modified": "1492033141",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/breville-bje200xl-compact-juicer-juice-fountain-breville\/69864875"
}