{
    "title": "Eton Emergency Digital Weather Radio - FRX3 Features",
    "description": "Buy Eton Digital Weather Emergency Radio FRX3 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/64563\/Eton-FRX3.html\nShop All Radios = http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/365\/Radios.html\n\nA perfect companion for anytime youre away from a power source the Eton FRX3 Digital Weather Radioprovides a trouble-free fool-proof source of light power and radio reception. Whether youre stuck in a storm or enjoying a weekend camping trip an Eton radio gives you access to news music and more without keeping you tied to a power outlet. A hand crank emergency radio will work when all other power sources fail you.\nDesigned to give you access to news from all possible sources the Eton FRX3 emergency radio can tune into FM AM and weather band radio stations. Choosing bands is done with a simple selector switch and tuning in to an exact frequency is a breeze with the large tuner knob and digital display. If youre using your Eton FRX3 for entertainment the auxiliary input lets you plug in an MP3 player or smartphone to play your music collection. In addition to the radio features the Eton FRX3 also has an LED lamp built into the handle which can function as a standard flashlight or a flashing red emergency strobe.\nThe Eton FRX3 Weather Radios most innovative feature is its ability to get power from multiple sources. A DC input lets you plug it in for constant use and to recharge the internal battery that provides power when away from an electrical outlet. If the internal battery runs down you can simply pop in 3 AAA batteries. Or use the top solar panel to recharge the internal battery. If none of those options will work then just fold out the hand crank and give it a couple minutes of cranking to generate the energy youll need to charge the battery and power the flashlight or radio. When youve got a suitable power reserve built up you can even use it to charge your cell phone. In some severe weather disasters power can stay out for days. A hand crank emergency radio can keep you in contact with the outside world even when the lights are still off.\nInvaluable during emergency situations and an enviable convenience during outdoor adventures the Eton FRX3 weather radio packs multiple useful technologies into a compact package. The hand crank emergency radio from Eton ensures youll never again be left in the dark literally and figuratively.\nFeatures\n\u2022 AM FM WB digital radio w\/display\n\u2022 Weather alert\n\u2022 USB Smartphone charger (dump charge)\n\u2022 Solar panel\n\u2022 Dynamo motor\/Hand turbine\n\u2022 LED flashlight\n\u2022 Glow in the dark locator\n\u2022 DC input (mini USB)\n\u2022 AUX input\n\u2022 Headphone output\n\u2022 Internal rechargeable Ni-MH battery",
    "videoid": "69864607",
    "date_created": "1393018971",
    "date_modified": "1477523609",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/eton-emergency-digital-weather-radio-frx3-features\/69864607"
}