{
    "title": "Sony Portable Bluetooth Speaker SRS-XB2 - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Black Portable Bluetooth Speaker - SRS-XB2\/BLK http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98702\/Sony-Black-Portable-Bluetooth-Speaker-SRSXB2BLK.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=SRSXB2BLK_20160616\n\nSpice up any moment with full sound one-touch listening convenience hands-free calling and up to 5-hours battery life3-the perfect portable Bluetooth speaker\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Feel the power of EXTRA BASS\u21221\nInnovative EXTRA BASS technology makes this a perfect speaker for enjoying EDM and other bass-heavy music genres. Using a unique Sony digital signal processor EXTRA BASS enhances deep punchy bass sounds.\n\u2022 1.65 large full-range speaker unit \nBuilt to deliver EXTRA BASS the newly developed 42mm large full-range speaker unit has a powerful embedded magnet and long stroke to reproduce deep bass sound. Meanwhile the light diaphragm achieves high sound pressure to deliver that all-important punchy bass sound.\n\u2022 Water-resistant design\nWhether you want to take the party poolside or just use your speaker outdoors the water-resistant2 design will give you peace of mind.\n\u2022 Party for longer with a 12-hour battery life \nOn play all day. Thanks to an extended battery life your tunes will go the extra distance meaning you can keep the party going for even longer.\n\u2022 Unite your music with SongPal\nDownload SongPal for your smartphone or tablet and take control of your music collection. Simply connect over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi and youll have seamless access to all your favorite tracks whether theyre stored on your PC server or favorite online music service. The app can also be used to customize sound settings to ensure great balanced audio.\n\u2022 Seamless streaming with NFC and Bluetooth \nNear Field Communication (NFC) and Bluetooth technology remove the need for wired connections and complex setup sequences. Simply touch your NFC-enabled device to the headphones for a quick seamless connection then start streaming your music collection. No NFC? No problem. Connect by Bluetooth and youre ready to go.\n\u2022 Stylish compact design \nThe perfect combination of style and portability. Thanks to its compact size you can pick up and take your sounds exactly where you want them. Party with your friends outdoors or anywhere around the home. In fact this speaker looks and sounds great wherever you put it.",
    "videoid": "69863154",
    "date_created": "1466018786",
    "date_modified": "1476383378",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-portable-bluetooth-speaker-srs-xb2-overview\/69863154"
}