{
    "title": "Manfrotto Black Light Kit Tripod MK290LTA3-BHUS - Overview",
    "description": "http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95110\/Manfrotto-MK290LTA3BHUS.html\n\nThe new 290 Light is the first sturdy supports of the 290 collection dedicated to hobbyist photographers that is also easy to carry. \nThe 290 Light is a 3-section tripod the smallest in the 290 range featuring aluminum leg tubes and aluminum top casting enhancing rigidity durability and performance. Its aluminum leg-locking levers are tension-adjustable so they can be tightened to counteract any effects of aging or wear keeping the tripod fully functional throughout its long lifespan. Two leg angle position settings enable low-angle shooting and a rapid centre column adds flexibility extending the min-max height range. A new rubber legwarmer guarantees comfortable grip and maximum ergonomics. \nThe 290 Light comes as a kit with a mini ball head specifically designed for compactness and transportability. Its broad spherical movement together with its quick release plate mechanism enable rapid easy framing. The head carrying the 200 PL Light plate is fully made of aluminum and features friction control to help photographers make the finest adjustments to their compositions even with heavy equipment.\nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Center Column: rapid\n\u2022 Closed Length: 22.17 in\n\u2022 Color: black color\n\u2022 Column Tube Diameter: 22mm\n\u2022 Leg Angles: 23\u00b0. 51\u00b0\n\u2022 Leg Sections: 3 number\n\u2022 Legs Tube Diameter: 22.5. 19. 15.5 mm\n\u2022 Material: aluminum\n\u2022 Maximum Height (with Center Column Down): 49.1 in\n\u2022 Load Capacity: 8.82 lbs",
    "videoid": "69863350",
    "date_created": "1452720200",
    "date_modified": "1476739492",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/manfrotto-black-light-kit-tripod-mk290lta3-bhus-overview\/69863350"
}