{
    "title": "Unboxing: Sony 55 Black Ultra HD 4K LED HDR Smart HDTV - XBR55X850D",
    "description": "Sony 55 Black Ultra HD 4K LED HDR Smart HDTV - XBR55X850D\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=X850D&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=Sony_X850D_20160315\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 4K HDR 2: the next generation of picture quality \nA High Dynamic Range (HDR)-compatible TV will change the way you look at TV. Combined with 4K Ultra HD resolution HDR video content delivers exceptional detail color and contrast with a far wider range of brightness than other video formats. The result is the most lifelike picture TVs have ever been able to create with brilliant highlights and fine detail.\n\u2022 4K Processor X1\u2122: one chip changes everything \nOur powerful 4K Processor X1\u2122 brings stunning picture quality to whatever youre watching. Every source is intelligently analyzed and enhanced to near 4K resolution from TV broadcasts Blu-ray Discs\u2122 DVDs or even 4K Internet videos. Youll enjoy incredible 4K images with stunning clarity more lifelike colors and sparkling contrast.\n\u2022 4K X-Reality\u2122 PRO: enhance every picture up to 4K \nDiscover a thrilling world of extraordinary clarity. Every single pixel is enhanced beautifully by our most powerful 4K picture processing technology ever. Individual parts of each scene are analyzed and matched with a special image database that independently addresses texture contrast color and edges. The difference is clear with supremely lifelike detail whatever youre watching.\n\u2022 Cable management \nKeep wires out of sight. All of your cables can be neatly arranged across the back of the TV and channeled into the stand so everything looks tidy.\n\u2022 TRILUMINOS\u2122 Display\nBRAVIA brings you even more lifelike color. Because a TRILUMINOS\u2122 Display selectively maps colors across the wide gamut available thanks to the specially developed backlight subtle colors do not become oversaturated and unnatural. Youll enjoy vivid authentic images that evoke the emotion in every scene.\n\u2022 Motionflow\u2122 XR keeps the action smooth\nEnjoy smooth and sharp details even in fast-moving sequences with Motionflow\u2122 XR. This innovative technology creates and inserts extra frames between the original ones. It compares key visual factors on successive frames then calculates the split second of missing action in the sequences. Some models also include black-frame insertion for a blur-free and truly cinematic look.\n\u2022 Google Cast\u2122: Plays nice with your other devices \nBRAVIA is Google Cast\u2122 ready so you can easily cast your favorite entertainment like YouTube\u2122 or Pandora\u2122 from your personal device on to the stunning BRAVIA screen 3. You can cast from Android iOS or your laptop.\n\u2022 BRAVIA meets Android TV \nYour smart TV just got smarter. Think of all the stuff you love doing on your smartphone or tablet now on the big beautiful BRAVIA screen. All-new Sonys Android TV lets you connect and enjoy any content from apps to movies between different Android devices \u2014 the simplest and easiest way ever.\n\u2022 Say what you want to see with voice search \nSpend less time browsing and more time watching. Voice search on Android TV\u2122 provides you with the power of Google search allowing you to find content across different services without the hassle of time-consuming text entry. You can also get recommendations; asking for romantic comedies for example brings up a list of suitable options.4\n\u2022 Google Play\u2122: A world of content and apps\nDiscover movies and TV shows games and much more from Google Play\u2122. Enjoy a huge and ever-growing choice of apps on your TV in a brand new way.\n\u2022 Content Bar: find everything fast \nThe unobtrusive content bar quickly lets you find the movie TV show or video youre looking for. Call up the Content bar and you can keep watching while you scan through live TV on demand downloaded TV shows and much more. You can even customize the content bar to show you the content you go to most often first.\n\u2022 DSEE restores detail to your digital music \nLow-resolution Internet video catch-up TV and other heavily compressed audio files dont always sound so great. A large amount of information gets thrown away when digital audio is compressed. With Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE) technology lost frequency components (especially high frequencies) are restored for natural sound with a more spacious feel.\n\u2022 Cinematic S-Force Front Surround \nEnjoy an immersive soundstage that pulls you into the heart of the action. S-Force Front Surround mimics the way the brain correlates sound sources to create proper volume time lag and sound wave spectrum \u2014 using only left and right speaker channels. By naturally emulating three-dimensional sound fields youll enjoy rich high-fidelity audio across a wider listening area.\n\u2022 Made to listen: ClearAudio+\nMake your listening as lifelike as your viewing. ClearAudio+ fine-tunes TV sound for an immersive experience that seems to surround you. Hear music dialog and surround effects with greater clarity and separation whatever youre watching.",
    "videoid": "69863271",
    "date_created": "1458071647",
    "date_modified": "1476298497",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-sony-55-black-ultra-hd-4k-led-hdr-smart-hdtv-xbr55x850d\/69863271"
}