{
    "title": "TackForm Steady Clip Plus Universal Phone Holder TF00-0301 - Overview",
    "description": "TackForm Steady Clip Plus Universal Phone Holder  - TF00-0301 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/84293\/TackForm-TF000301.html\n\nFeatures:\n\nHuge Grip \nThe Tackform Steady Clip Plus phone holder features a simple yet solid solution for mounting your cell phone. This phone holder can hold devices up to 4\u201d wide. It\u2019s a great solution if you\u2019re looking for something simple to use stable and like all of our products well built. This mount can comfortably hold devices as slim as an iPhone to devices even laarger than the Galaxy Note. Otterbox or extended battery case? No problem!\n\nOur Phone Holders Have an Adjustable Swing Arm \nThe Tackform Steady Clip + car phone holder has a newly designed adjustable swing arm. This allows for a wide range of motion and a few inches of added distance to keep your phone in arms reach.\nDashboard Mountable\u2026 Check! \n\nTackform\u2019s Patented suction cup is one of the few car mounts that allow direct to dash mounting. This phone holder\u2019s suction material is designed for hard textured surfaces. Please use with caution as certain vehicle dashboards are made of softer materials that can leave permanent marks or potentially damage your dashboard. If you are unsure whether use the car mount via windshield or dashboard Windshield mounting is recommended. Feel free free to inquire with us\n\nWindshield Mountable\u2026 Check! \nTackform\u2019s suction cup phone holder is suitable for both windshield and hard surfaced dashboard mounting. Our phone mounts have taken the test of time in both hot and cold conditions. Our design offers more suction cup surface area to provide a more secure hold and less vibration.\nExtras Bits and Warnings \n\nWe offer an optional 3M pad but it is only needed on porous surfaces where suction is not possible. Please note the 3M pad may leave behind a sticky residue or leave permanent marks. If you are unsure of the material you are mounting on windshield mounting is recommended. Do not install or remove the Steady Clip + in extreme heat. Do not use this product on or near an airbag deployment zone. Please use responsibly.",
    "videoid": "69863874",
    "date_created": "1429716923",
    "date_modified": "1476988284",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tackform-steady-clip-plus-universal-phone-holder-tf00-0301-overview\/69863874"
}