{
    "title": "iRobot Roomba 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot R650020 - Overview",
    "description": "iRobot Roomba 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot - R650020 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/63418\/iRobot-R650020.html\n\nThe new iRobot Roomba 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot provides a superior level of cleaning with less work for you. With AeroVac\u2122 Technology and a new brush design Roomba 650 is better equipped to handle fibers like hair pet fur lint and carpet fuzz. Roomba 650 also comes with on-board scheduling which allows you to preset up to seven times per week for Roomba to clean when its most convenient for you.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Thoroughly vacuums all floor types\nRoomba vacuums dirt dust hair and debris from your carpets hardwood tile and laminate floors automatically adjusting to different floor surfaces as it moves through your home. Now featuring AeroVac Technology Roomba 650 is better equipped to handle fibers like hair pet fur lint and carpet fuzz. Roomba 650 vacuums your floors using\no Patented Three-Stage Cleaning System\nA spinning side brush cleans along wall edges as counter-rotating brushes pick up dirt dust debris and pet hair from the floor. An efficient vacuum pulls dirt and hair off of Roombas brushes and into the bin\no AeroVac Technology\nOptimized airflow pulls hair off Roombas brushes and guides it to the back of the AeroVac bin allowing it to fill more evenly and requiring you to empty it less often. This bin also holds more debris than previous Roomba generations\no Improved Brush Design\nAn improved brush design and optimized airflow means more hair is pulled off Roombas brushes and into the AeroVac bin. Less hair on the brushes means Roomba can clean for longer and provide a more thorough cleaning\n\u2022 Cleans every section of your floor multiple times\nWith iAdapt Responsive Cleaning Technology iRobots advanced system of software and sensors Roomba chooses from dozens of robotic behaviors more than 60 times per second. This allows Roomba to clean more of your room more thoroughly making multiple passes over every section of floor. Roomba effortlessly gets under and around furniture and along wall edges going under bed skirts and curtains avoiding stairs following walls and navigating through loose wires. Roomba 630 also adapts to your home using\no Dirt Detect\nRoomba uses an acoustic sensor to find dirtier areas and then spends more time cleaning them\n\u2022 Keeps your house clean at the push of a button\nDesigned with your convenience in mind Roomba 630 starts working for you at the push of the CLEAN button. The new AeroVac bin with improved space utilization fills more evenly allowing you to empty it less often. Roomba returns to its Home Base to dock and recharge between cleanings. Roomba 630 makes vacuuming even more convenient with\no On-Board Scheduling\nPreset up to seven times per week for Roomba to clean when its most convenient for you\no Virtual Wall Technology\nThe included Virtual Wall emits an infrared beam that Roomba will not cross keeping it in the rooms you want to clean and out of the ones you dont",
    "videoid": "69863580",
    "date_created": "1447361467",
    "date_modified": "1476899716",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/irobot-roomba-650-vacuum-cleaning-robot-r650020-overview\/69863580"
}