{
    "title": "How To Put On Zagg Invisible Shield Glass For iPhone 6 and 6 Plus",
    "description": "How To Put On Zagg Invisible Shield Glass Screen Protector For iPhone 6 and 6 Plus:\n\nWhat you will need:\n-painters tape\n-phone cleaning cloth\n-clean surface\n\nIn just a few simple steps you can put on the Zagg Screen Protector perfectly. You will want to make sure that the iPhone screen has no smudges. Use the cleaning cloth to get rid of any stains\/smudges. Using the painters tape take a piece and remove all excess lint and dirt off the screen. (The painters tape had low adhesive and will not damage the phone screen)\nHold the screen protector over the phone on a clean and flat surface. Remove the 1 tab over the center of the phone and drop it onto the surface. Use your finger to push the middle of the screen and it will fill in on its own. If there are any extra bubbles push them outwards. \n\n\nBuy Zagg Invisible Shield Screen Protector For iPhone 6 and 6 Plus- \nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=zagg+iphone+6\n\nVirtually Indestructible\n\u2022 Go with Confidence - Extreme impact protection makes your screen three times more shatterproof so your phone is in good hands even if it falls out of your hands.\n\u2022 Engineered to Protect - Powerful strong components were originally designed to protect military helicopter blades.\n\u2022 Intelligent Protection - Nano-Memory Technology allows the InvisibleShield to self heal so your devices always looks brand new.\n\u2022 Always and Forever - If your InvisibleShield ever shows signs of scratches or wear well replace it no questions asked for the life of your device.",
    "videoid": "69864322",
    "date_created": "1414170854",
    "date_modified": "1477437983",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-put-on-zagg-invisible-shield-glass-for-iphone-6-and-6-plus\/69864322"
}