{
    "title": "Blueair Classic 505 Air Purifier",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the wi-fi enabled Classic 505 air purifier from Blueair.  For more information or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/104496\/Blueair-Classic-505-Wi-Fi-Enabled-Air-Purifier-505.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=BLUEAIR505_20170427 \n\nFeatures:\n- Unique Blueair HEPASilent Technology: The new Blueair Classic 505 uses Blueair HEPASilent Technology to remove virtually all airborne pollutants. Using the best in electrostatic and mechanical filtration, our HEPASilent Technology is a revolutionary combination of advanced filter media and an encapsulated particle-charging chamber. This ensures that your new Classic Blueair air purifier delivers results far superior than either mechanical or electrostatic technology alone.\n- In touch with your clean air: Touch buttons on the control panel make the new Blueair Classic 505 work tirelessly for you. Easy-to-read LED icons let you see the status of your air purifier\u2019s Wi-Fi connection, operating speed and filter. Adjusting operation is easy. Just touch. Add our Blueair Aware monitor and download the free Blueair Friend app. This enables you to control the new Blueair Classic from afar, see room air quality and access outdoor air quality data in real time in most major urban areas.\n- No drafts at any speed: Thanks to the Blueair SurroundAir\u2122 system, the Blueair Classic 500 series is able to minimize drafts despite an extremely high air flow. SurroundAir takes in polluted air from the bottom and sides and releases a gentle flow of clean air from the top and sides.",
    "videoid": "88715218",
    "date_created": "1493320918",
    "date_modified": "1493400218",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/blueair-classic-505-air-purifier\/88715218"
}