{
    "title": "LG 11 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Top Freezer Refrigerator - LTNC11121V",
    "description": "LG 11 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Top Freezer Refrigerator, Model LTNC11121V\n\nThis traditional-style refrigerator has a generous 11 cubic feet of space and a lot to offer, like LED lighting and sophisticated styling. Meanwhile,humidity-controlled crispers helps keep your food fresh by keeping temperature and humidity levels where they need to be.\n\nFeatures:\n\nGreat Space in Style\nGet the space you need in a refrigerator that's right for your kitchen. With 11 cu. ft. of space and 24\" wide, this top mount refrigerator offers ample room to store and organize your groceries.\n\nSophisticated Style & Design\nRounded doors, curved handle and a host of great interior features such as humidity controlled crispers give your refrigerator a look as sophisticated as it is functional.\n\nFresher is Better\nMulti-Air Flow Freshness System is designed to maintain superior humidity and temperature levels to help keep your food fresher, longer. Digital sensors constantly monitor conditions within the refrigerator and strategically-placed vents in every section to help surround your food with cool air no matter where you put it.\n\nCold as Ice\nYou'll always have ice on hand with the twisting ice tray in this refrigerator.\n\nKeep it Crisp\nHumidity-controlled crispers help maintain humidity levels, to help extend the life of your fruits and vegetables.\n\n\n\nSpecifications:\n\nSummary\n\nDoor Type:\u00a0Top Mount Freezer\n\n\n\nCapacity\n\nRefrigerator: 8.5 cu. ft.\n\nFreezer:\u00a02.6 cu. ft.\n\nTotal:\u00a011.1 cu. ft.\n\n\n\nFeatures\n\nIce System:\u00a0Ice Tray\n\nMulti-Air Flow Cooling:\u00a0Yes\n\nTemperature Sensors:\u00a04\n\nCompressor Type:\u00a0Inverter\n\n\n\nConvenience\n\nTemperature Controls:\u00a0Knob Dial\n\nDoor Alarm:\u00a0Yes\n\nLoDecibel\u2122 Quiet Operation:\u00a0Yes\n\nSmartDiagnosis\u2122:\u00a0Yes\n\nAuto Closing Door Hinge:\u00a0Yes\n\nDisplay Type: Knob Dial\n\nHidden Hinges:\u00a0Yes\n\n\n\nRefrigerator\n\nNo. of Shelves:\u00a02 + 1 Sliding\n\nRefrigerator Light:\u00a0Ceiling LED\n\n\n\nRefrigerator Door\n\nNo. of Door Bins:\u00a04\n\nDoor Bin Construction:\u00a0Plastic\n\n\n\nFreezer\n\nDrawers:\u00a01\n\nHandle:\u00a0Pocket\n\nDoor Bin Construction:\u00a0Plastic\n\nIce Bin:\u00a0Moving Ice Tray\n\n\n\nMaterials and Finishes\n\nContour Door:\u00a0Yes\n\nHidden Hinges:\u00a0Yes\n\nSurface:\u00a0Smooth\n\nBack:\u00a0Flush & Metal Cover Over Mechanical Parts\n\nAvailable Colors:\u00a0Stainless VCM (V)\n\nHandles:\u00a0Pocket Handles\n\n\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\nHeight to Top of Case:\u00a065-1\/2\"\n\nHeight to Top of Door Hinge:\u00a068-1\/4\"\n\nWidth:\u00a024\"\n\nWidth (Door Open 90 Degrees With Handle):\u00a025\"\n\nWidth (Door Open 90 Degrees Without Handle):\u00a025\"\n\nDepth With Handles:\u00a026\"\n\nDepth Without Handles:\u00a026\"\n\nDepth Without Door:\u00a022-1\/2\"\n\nDepth (Total With Door Open):\u00a047-3\/5\"\n\nDoor Edge Clearance with Handle:\u00a01-1\/2\"\n\nDoor Edge Clearance without Handle:\u00a01-1\/2\"\n\nInstallation Clearance: Side:\u00a02\"\n\nTop:\u00a02\"\n\nBack:\u00a02\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nApproximate Weight:\n\nUnit:\u00a0123.9 lbs\n\nShipping:\u00a0136.2 lbs\n\n\n\nWarranty Information:\n\nManufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer): 1 Year Parts and Labor\n\n5 Years on the Sealed System (Parts & Labor)\n\n5 Years on the Compressor (Parts & Labor)\n\n6-10 Years on Linear Compressor (Parts Only)",
    "videoid": "162795361",
    "date_created": "1525196511",
    "date_modified": "1525196953",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lg-top-freezer-refrigerator-ltnc11121v\/162795361"
}