{
    "title": "How to Buy a Treadmill: A Treadmill Buying Guide Abt Electronics",
    "description": "Shop Treadmills - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/2009\/Treadmills.html\n\nTreadmill Buying Guide\n\nUsing a treadmill is a great way to improve your health and get a great workout without having to go to the gym.\n\nWhen shopping for the right treadmill there are a few things to consider before making the best choice.  First consider the space you have in your home condo or apartment.  Most treadmills are designed to fold-up for easier storage.  \n\nIf your basic use of a treadmill is for basic walking or occasional jogging then a smaller compact unit will work perfectly.  However for more advanced running or even for taller runners with longer strides you may want to invest in a larger treadmill with a longer running deck.  Be sure to measure the space you have available for both width and height to give yourself a good idea. \n\nIf you plan on using your treadmill for running it is best to look for a treadmill that features at least 1 and a half horsepower continuous working.  Shock absorption is also important to the runner's joints.  Some treadmills will over advanced shock absorption that will make it easier when running aggressively and at lengthy times.  \n\nFinding a good heart rate monitor is important to keeping your workout effective.  Some treadmills will automatically adjust the speed incline or both to keep you in your correct heart rate zone.\n\nIncline is a nice feature to have to boost your fitness levels burn more calories and intensify the toning effects on the lower body.  You can manually choose the incline while running or have the treadmill's programming choose when the workout should get tougher.  \n\nA few extra little features to keep an eye out for are water bottle holders to keep you hydrated as well as a book holder to keep your reading material from flopping around while running. \n\nA treadmill is an excellent investment if you want a great way to train for better health at home.  For more information on treadmills visit us online at Abt.com or call us",
    "videoid": "69864975",
    "date_created": "1362496888",
    "date_modified": "1486514787",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-buy-a-treadmill-a-treadmill-buying-guide-abt-electronics\/69864975"
}