{
    "title": "Tumi Sinclair Tegan Business Tote 79385 - Overview",
    "description": "Tumi Sinclair Black Tegan Business Tote - 079385D\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98709\/Tumi-79385CAYENNE.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=79385_20160419\n\nSophisticated. Simple. Elegantly detailed. Sinclair is a modern collection of thoughtfully designed totes briefs carry-alls and accessories for women. Crafted from a refined textured coated canvas and highlighted with leather trim this timeless-looking tote is elegance personified with a classic silhouette accented by polished silver hardware details and an impressively organized interior.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Add-A-Bag System \nQuickly and easily add another travel piece or business case using our patented Add-A-Bag hook with secure fastened tab closure that holds in excess of 200 pounds. Also many Tumi business cases and totes feature a back sleeve that slips over extended luggage handles allowing you to stack and carry heavier bags on your wheeled luggage. Used together these systems allow travelers to carry 2 or even 3 items at the same time effortlessly in one hand\n\u2022 Removable Laptop Cover\nOur removable laptop cover offers protection for your laptop and convenient carrying options. It can be carried on its own and slips easily into most travel bags totes and business cases\n\u2022 Tumi Tracer \nThe Tumi Tracer is an exclusive complimentary program that helps reunite Tumi customers with their lost or stolen items. The core of the program is a unique 20-digit individual product number printed on a special metal plate that is permanently affixed to Tumi products. That number along with the owners contact information is entered into our Tracer database when a bag is registered with us and used to help aid in the recovery of lost or stolen items that are reported to us\n\u2022 ID Lock\u2122 \nThis item offers added security with protection against identity theft. It features an exclusive and patent pending technology that shields your personal information encoded on credit cards passports and other forms of identification from would-be thieves using invasive communication and electronic data reading devices\n\u2022 Protective Pocket\nThis ultra-soft lightly padded pocket is lined with a non-abrasive microfiber suede that provides additional protection",
    "videoid": "69863226",
    "date_created": "1461070802",
    "date_modified": "1476737060",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tumi-sinclair-tegan-business-tote-79385-overview\/69863226"
}