{
    "title": "Learn more about the Breville Juice Fountain Cold",
    "description": "Breville The Juice Fountain Cold Stainless Steel Juicer - BJE430SIL\n\nBreville Juice Fountain\u00ae Cold* with Cold Spin Technology\u2122* allows juice to flow up and through the patent pending Elevated Juicing System. So instead of making just a small amount of juice, you can make up to 70 fl. oz. (2 liters) of juice at a time. The Seal and Store Juice jug can be stored directly in the door of your refrigerator and its sealed lid keeps juice fresher for longer. Juice can be kept fresh for up to 3 days++ in the refrigerator either in the juice jug or in small, single serve glass canning jars. When you juice more and store it, you can juice less often. This saves time on prep and cleanup and makes drinking your daily glass of homemade juice exceptionally convenient.\n\nHeat and processing can damage delicate vitamins and minerals found in fruits and vegetables. But, with Cold Spin Technology* and an Italian-made precision mesh filter, independent laboratory tests have shown that juice is extracted as \"cold\" as cold press juice with less than 1.8\u00b0F temperature transfer+.\n\nA powerful and efficient 850-watt motor generating up to 13,000 rpm processing speed makes it easy to process the toughest fruits and vegetables in a fraction of a second. The large feed chute means you can juice whole fruits and vegetables without pre-cutting which significantly reduces prep and clean-up time. The juicer comes with a nozzle attachment so you can juice straight into a glass and includes a brush for easy clean-up.\n\nJuice more, store more, clean less.",
    "videoid": "69624967",
    "date_created": "1456174864",
    "date_modified": "1492035126",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/learn-more-about-the-breville-juice-fountain-cold\/69624967"
}