{
    "title": "Samsung Convection Gas Range NX58F5700SS Overview",
    "description": "Buy Samsung 5.8 Cubic Foot Stainless Steel Gas Range Model NX58F5700SS - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/71028\/Samsung-NX58F5700WSAA.html\nShop All Free Standing Gas Ranges & Stoves - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/405\/Free-Standing-Gas-Ranges-Stoves.html\n\nThe Samsung NX58F5700SS offers an exceptional cooking experience. The five burner cooktop allows you to enjoy the flexibility to cook with different sized pans simultaneously. Keep an eye on a variety of different foods while making sure they get cooked to perfection. Theres enough room for even the largest of roasts with the 5.8 cubic foot large capacity of room. There is even more room for additional kitchen items located in handy storage drawer. Over time your oven can get a bit dirty after cooking so the self-clean option will get it back good as new. If you are looking for an excellent oven for your kitchen the Samsung NX58F5700SS at Abt Electronics.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Five Burner Cooktop\nEnjoy the flexibility to cook with different-sized pans simultaneously. Whether youre boiling water melting chocolate or simmering sauce theres a burner for your needs: a high-power burner with 16000 BTU plus simmer center and regular burners.\n\u2022 5.8 cu. ft. Large Capacity\nA 5.8 cu. ft. extra-large oven allows you to cook multiple dishes at once. Easily accomodate a big roast multiple casserole dishes or several racks of cookies. Two oven racks allow you to prepare enough food for large gatherings.\n\u2022 Storage Drawer\nA handy storage space allows for additional storage of your pots and pans. It also elevates oven capacity making it easy to slide a large roast inside.",
    "videoid": "69864473",
    "date_created": "1404768153",
    "date_modified": "1477505195",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-convection-gas-range-nx58f5700ss-overview\/69864473"
}