{
    "title": "Braun Multiquick 7 Hand Blender (MQ777)",
    "description": "Blend, chop, whip, slice and shred. The first hand blender with Smart Speed technology. Attachments include a beaker, whisk and 1.5-cup chopper for the ultimate in convenience and versatility in the kitchen.\n\nElevate your cooking creativity to new heights with Braun, the global leader in hand blenders. The Multiquick 7 Hand Blender, model MQ777, features the patented Smart Speed technology for faster and finer blending. Now you can prep meals easier than ever before with a soft-grip trigger resting comfortably in your hand; you are in control of the blending speed without interruption by simply applying more or less hand pressure. Designed for performance, the patented PowerBell system works magic on complex blends while offering less suction, so pureed mixtures stay where they belong \u2013 in the beaker, mixing bowl or stockpot. No mess, no more stress, just easy, convenient food prep by a tool that you're sure to use every day for all of your culinary tasks. The slip-proof ergonomic grip gives \u2018comfort food\u2019 a whole new meaning. It's never been easier to chop vegetables, whip up fluffy egg whites, puree soups and mash creamy potatoes. The Multiquick 7 Hand Blender, model MQ777, a beaker, whisk, 6-cup food processor and masher that give you the flexibility to add fresh twists to your favorite dishes.",
    "videoid": "117413321",
    "date_created": "1505162790",
    "date_modified": "1505162856",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/braun-multiquick-7-hand-blender-mq777\/117413321"
}