{
    "title": "First Look: LG OLED55E7P - 4K OLED E7P Series",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the LG OLED55E7P OLED TV.  For more information or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/108989\/LG-55-Black-UHD-4K-OLED-HDR-Smart-HDTV-With-WebOS-3.5-OLED55E7P.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=OLED55E7P_20170614 \n\nFeatures:\n- Picture on Glass. A work of art:\nThe elegance of glass combines with the unparalleled sophistication of OLED for an image that appears to float in the air. Picture-on-Glass design places the incomparably thin, flexible, lightweight OLED panel against a simple pane of glass for a sleek design that's simple, sculptural and the very definition of innovative\n- Cinematic Color on Perfect Black:\nPicture night skies as dark as night skies themselves. Against the infinite, inky darkness of perfect black, colors pop and images come alive. LG OLED pixels are what make it all possible, each turning on and off individually for truly infinite contrast\n- Dolby Vision\u2122 and Dolby Atmos\u00ae. True Home Cinema:\nLG OLED TV is the ultimate expression of a cinema-quality experience in the home. Premium content achieves the pinnacle of picture quality thanks to Active HDR with Dolby Vision\u2122. The Dolby Atmos\u00ae audio is just as impressive, surrounding the audience as in the most advanced theaters\n- Bring Big Screen Sound to the Living Room: \nStraight from state-of-the-art theaters to the home, Dolby Atmos\u00ae creates sound that can appear to come from anywhere. Crickets all around. Explosions from above. A villain laughing behind. With LG OLED TV, audio becomes an incredibly realistic, immersive experience\n- Enjoy the most HDR content:\nFrom brilliant brights to deepest darks, LG OLED TV offers the ultimate expression of high dynamic range. Unlike some other 4K televisions, LG OLED TVs support Dolby Vision\u2122, optimizing the picture scene-by-scene, as well as the new backward-compatible HLG HDR standard so viewers get more options for premium content\n- Gorgeous picture no matter how you look at it: \nFrom the front or from the side, every seat in the TV room gets a clear, vibrant picture without washed-out tones. The unique design of LG OLED TV assures that any view is a great one, not just for those in the center\n- webOS 3.5 Smart TV: \nQueue up movies, TV shows, online content and more from top content providers then toggle between them with an impressively intuitive interface. Armed with the Magic Remote, seeing old and new favorites in cinematic LG OLED quality is as easy as a flick of the wrist and the press of a button",
    "videoid": "99044112",
    "date_created": "1497464619",
    "date_modified": "1497903479",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/first-look-lg-oled55e7p-4k-oled-e7p-series\/99044112"
}