{
    "title": "Breville Dual Boiler key features",
    "description": "Breville The Dual Boiler Espresso Maker - BES920XL\n\nBe your own barista and create great tasting coffee to rival the best caf\u00e9. The Dual Boiler\u2122 is for the coffee connoisseur who prefers to control every step in the espresso process. You can extract espresso and texture milk simultaneously, allowing you to capture the delicate aromatics of the espresso in your coffee by having the espresso and milk ready at the same time.\n\nPrecise Espresso Extraction - Dual Stainless steel boilers and heated group head, both regulated by our digital temperature control technology (PID), delivers water at precisely the right temperature, eliminating temperature surfing* for consistent espresso quality, shot after shot. The Dual Boiler\u2122 also features an Over Pressure Valve (OPV) which limits the maximum pressure throughout the extraction, helping to prevent bitter flavors in the shot. It also offers a true low pressure pre-infusion, which gradually increases the pressure to gently expand the grinds for an even extraction. There is also a shot clock and pressure gauge to help you improve your barista skills.\n\nMicro-foam Milk \u2013 the steam wand, powered by the dedicated steam boiler, instantly delivers the pressure to create micro-foam texture similar to commercial machines that enhances coffee flavour and is essential to create latte art.\n\nBarista\u2019s Choice \u2013 The Dual Boiler is the professional Barista\u2019s choice for their home machine. \u201c24.5 out of 25. Ridiculously good.\u201d Craig Simon. Australian Barista Champion",
    "videoid": "77559798",
    "date_created": "1477536727",
    "date_modified": "1493401411",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/breville-dual-boiler-key-features\/77559798"
}