{
    "title": "Bang & Olufsen BeoPlay H8 Black Wireless Headphones 1642526 - Overview",
    "description": "Bang & Olufsen BeoPlay H8 Natural Wireless Headphones - 1642546 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98622\/Bang-Olufsen-BeoPlay-H8-Black-Wireless-Headphones-1642526.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=1642526_20160728\n\nBeoPlay H8 is a premium wireless active noise cancelling on-ear headphone with optimally balanced sound. The latest Bluetooth technology gives you uncompromising Bang & Olufsen Signature Sound whether listening to music or talking on the phone \u2013 no matter if active noise cancellation is turned on or off. An intuitive aluminium touch interface gives you full control of all functionality and a replaceable battery gives you up to 14 hours of listening using active noise cancellation and Bluetooth. Beoplay H8 is the perfect match of style and function. At just 255 grams BeoPlay H8 is probably the lightest in its class giving you optimal comfort. You simply wont want to take it off.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Bang & Olufsen Signature Sound no matter if active noise\ncancellation is turned on or off\n\u2022 Aluminium touch interface that gives you complete control\nof volume track changes and phone calls\n\u2022 Up to 14 hours of battery life with active noise cancellation\nand Bluetooth turned on\n\u2022 At just 255 g its probably the lightest wireless active noise\ncancelling headphone in the world\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Widening Horizons\nWe simply love music. That is why over the years we have put together a variety of different playlists. They feature songs that are dear to us tracks that make us want to dance work or relax. The music is for you to enjoy at home or on the go.\nOn that matter your daily commute is also an excellent opportunity to widen your horizon learn new stuff or just get inspired.\n\u2022 Materials Matter\nCreating exquisite products is of course a matter of defining how they look and how they work. But also how they feel. The sense of real and carefully selected leather. Of lambskin clad memory foam that gently rests on your ears. Carefully sun-polished and anodised aluminum that feels responsive to the touch. That is what you can expect from BeoPlay H8 and that is why we pride ourselves in calling this not only the most advanced headphone weve ever made but simply the best.\n\u2022 Uncompromising Sound\nBluetooth 4.0 with aptX codec gives you uncompromising sound whether listening to music or talking on the phone.\n\u2022 Touch Control\nAn intuitive touch interface gives you full control of all functionality. Turn your music on and off answer calls switch Active Noise Cancellation on and off and much more. All at your fingertips.\n\u2022 Luxurious Lather\nCarefully selected high quality cow leather makes BeoPlay H8 both stylish & luxurious. Also everyday wear and tear merely add patina and BeoPlay H8 ages beautifully. \n\u2022 Perfect Fit\nThe softness of the lambskin on the ear pads makes BeoPlay H8 a pleasure to wear. The memory foam inside the ear pads adapts ensuring great comfort.\n\u2022 Perfectly Processed\nAnodised aluminium perfects the look of a premium headphone. No compromises are made in the design and production of BeoPlay H8. \n\u2022 Leave It On\nAt just 255 grams BeoPlay H8 is one of the lightest in its class giving you optimal comfort. You simply dont want to take it off.",
    "videoid": "69863110",
    "date_created": "1469707242",
    "date_modified": "1476729530",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bang-olufsen-beoplay-h8-black-wireless-headphones-1642526-overview\/69863110"
}