{
    "title": "Venta LW 45 Airwasher 7045536 - Overview",
    "description": "Venta Gray LW 45 Airwasher  - 7045436 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94249\/Venta-7045436.html\n\nHave you been looking for an air purifier that is filterless and requires little to no maintenance? Than the Venta Gray LW 45 Airwasher - 7045436 is exactly what your home needs! This air purifier doubles as a humidifier which is why reviews are saying that Venta has created one of the best air purifiers available. In addition to having dual capabilities the Venta LW 45 offers multiple features that other air purifiers lack. These features include a low water level indicator an auto shut-off as well as a filterless energy efficient and compact design. With a low water level indicator and auto shut-off the Venta Airwasher lets you know when the water level has become too low and then once the water has been fully depleted the airwasher turns off. This helps save you money and prevent any damage that could occur to the machine. To save you more money Venta has designed this purifier to consume less than 10 watts of electricity when on and even cleans the air without the use of a filter. The secret to not having a filter is a stack of rotating disks in the water that pulls any allergens dust and tobacco smoke (when applicable) from the air. Stay healthy while enjoying clean fresh air in your home with the Venta LW 45 Airwasher.\n\nFeatures:\n\nOur most powerful Airwasher for rooms up to 800 sq. feet\n\nDual function integrated air system: Humidifier and purifier\n\nLowest maintenance - just add water \nAuto shut-off feature\n\nElectronic water level indicator\n\nLight and durable \u2013 weighs only13 lbs. \n\nEnergy-efficient requires little power (10 watts)\n\nSimple to use with on\/off light and speed controls\n\n2X year worry-free cleaning\n\nWorks with any water density from soft to hard\n\nNo ions no ozone no white dust; will not over-humidify\n\nAvailable in neutral colors Anthracite Gray or White",
    "videoid": "69863559",
    "date_created": "1448917609",
    "date_modified": "1476896919",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/venta-lw-45-airwasher-7045536-overview\/69863559"
}