{
    "title": "Unboxing: Sony XBR65X930E",
    "description": "In this video we unbox the brand new Sony XBR65X930E.  For a closer look or to place an order make sure to check it out at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/108463\/Sony-65-Black-Ultra-HD-4K-HDR-LED-Smart-HDTV-XBR65X930E.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=XBR65X930E_20170224&utm_medium=video\n\nFeatures:\n Slim Backlight Drive+: Extraordinary brightness: Our innovative Slim Backlight Drive+ with double-edge LED panel directs light where it's needed, boosting dimming precision for higher peak brightness, contrast, and realism. It delivers astounding image quality from an incredibly slim design\n- 4K HDR Processor X1\u2122 Extreme: So real you can feel it: Made to enhance the latest generation of 4K HDR pictures, the 4K HDR Processor X1\u2122 Extreme brings reality to every scene. With 40% more real-time image processing than our renowned 4K Processor X1\u2122, it delivers unprecedented picture quality for everything you watch, upscaling content from any source nearer to 4K HDR quality\n- Uncover the detail with 4K HDR: A High Dynamic Range (HDR)-compatible TV will change the way you look at TV. Combined with 4K Ultra HD resolution, HDR video content delivers exceptional detail, color and contrast, with a far wider range of brightness than other video formats. The result is the most lifelike picture our TVs have ever been able to create, with brilliant highlights and fine detail\n- Reality revealed with X-tended Dynamic Range\u2122 PRO: This unique backlighting algorithm faithfully reproduces a far wider brightness range than a conventional LED TV for the most dazzling lights and deepest blacks. When combined with an HDR signal, you'll experience even greater brilliance in every scene as it increases the quality of HDR with more vibrant colors\n- Rediscover every detail with 4K X-Reality\u2122 PRO: Discover a thrilling world of extraordinary clarity with every single pixel enhanced beautifully. Individual parts of each scene are analyzed and matched with a special image database that independently addresses texture, contrast, color, and edges. The difference is clear with supremely lifelike detail, whatever you're watching\n- TRILUMINOS\u2122 Display: Extra colors, extra brilliance: More colors means more realism. A TRILUMINOS\u2122 Display with its specially developed backlight selectively maps colors across a wider gamut, ensuring subtle colors do not become oversaturated and unnatural. You'll enjoy vivid, authentic images that evoke the emotion in every scene\n- Explore new worlds with Android TV\u2122: Your smart TV just got smarter. Enjoy many of your favorite smartphone and tablet experiences on a big, beautiful BRAVIA\u00ae screen. Android TV\u2122 with advanced voice control lets you connect and access content, from movies and TV shows to thousands of apps, simply by talking\n- Clean rear look: Keep wires out of sight, thanks to a hidden cable panel structure. All of your cables are fully concealed behind the panel, and run down through the legs of the stand, so everything looks tidy\n- Narrow aluminum frame: The narrow aluminum frame helps the TV look slim and attractive, while focusing the eye on the screen for maximum entertainment\n- Cable-free front: Hide all your cables from set-top boxes or Blu-ray players within the unique stand\n- Super slim flush surface display: The screen on this ultra-thin 4K HDR TV has a full flush surface and super-thin bezel so you stay focused on the picture\n- Easy to plug and play: Easily connect a USB or HDMI into the side of your TV to start playing. Just close the side cover to keep things tidy when you're not using it\n- Motionflow\u2122 XR keeps the action smooth: Enjoy smooth and sharp details even in fast-moving sequences with Motionflow\u2122 XR. \n- Super Bit Mapping\u2122 4K HDR: Super Bit Mapping\u2122 4K HDR creates a smoother, more natural picture by minimizing its color banding. \n- Dual database processing: The 4K HDR Processor X1\u2122 Extreme has two imaging databases that work together in real time to improve your picture. \n- Object-based HDR remaster: By analyzing the objects in each scene individually, Object-based HDR remaster optimizes and enhances color and contrast. It brings everything you watch closer to the quality of HDR. Dark elements get darker, bright elements brighter, and everything in between is more accurately lit, for realism in every scene never-before-possible on our TVs\n- Chromecast built-in: Plays nice with your other devices: BRAVIA\u00ae is Chromecast built-in ready so you can easily cast your favorite entertainment, like YouTube\u2122 or Netflix, from your personal device on to the stunning BRAVIA\u00ae screen.7 You can cast from Android\u2122, iOS\u2122, or your laptop\n- Google Play\u2122: A world of content and apps: Discover movies and TV shows, games, and much more from Google Play\u2122. Enjoy a huge and ever-growing choice of apps on your TV in a brand new way",
    "videoid": "85565553",
    "date_created": "1487971633",
    "date_modified": "1488324231",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-sony-xbr65x930e\/85565553"
}