{
    "title": "Unboxing: Bose SoundTouch 300 Soundbar Speaker - 767520-1100",
    "description": "Shop for the Bose SoundTouch 300 Soundbar - 767520-1100 at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/104383\/Bose-Black-SoundTouch-300-Soundbar-7675201100.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=7675201100_2016112&utm_medium=video\n\nThe SoundTouch\u00ae 300 soundbar looks slim. But the sound? Anything but. That's because every cubic inch of it is packed with technologies that make everything you listen to or watch sound clear and spacious. It starts inside with custom-shaped speakers that keep the profile low and pump out big sound. QuietPort\u2122 technology virtually eliminates distortion so you hear surprisingly deep bass. And Bose\u00ae PhaseGuide\u00ae technology makes you believe you're hearing sounds where there are no speakers. On the outside, the glass top and perforated wrap-around metal grille make the soundbar look as good in your room as it sounds. And with both Bluetooth\u00ae and Wi-Fi\u00ae technology built in, you can wirelessly stream music any way you prefer. ADAPTiQ\u00ae audio room calibration from Bose ensures the soundbar sounds the best it can in the space you put it. HDMI\u2122 connectivity with 4K pass-through keeps your system compatible with the most current technology. NFC provides quick and easy pairing. The SoundTouch\u00ae app gives you simple control over your favorite music. Works together with other SoundTouch\u00ae speakers so as you go from room to room, your music goes along with you. Includes a universal remote so you can control your other devices, too.\n\nFeatures:\n\nPacked with technologies that make music, movies and TV sound clear and spacious\n\nPremium glass and metal grille make the soundbar look as good as it sounds\n\nBluetooth\u00ae with NFC pairing and Wi-Fi\u00ae technology let you stream music whichever way you prefer\n\nAdd optional wireless bass module and wireless surround speakers anytime for deeper bass and full-on surround sound\nADAPTiQ\u00ae audio room calibration fine-tunes the system's sound to your room\n\nHDMI\u2122 connectivity with 4K pass-through keeps your system compatible with the most current technology\nIncludes a universal remote, so you can control your other devices, too\n\nSoundTouch\u00ae app offers simple control of your music\nOne simple connection to your TV makes setup easy\nOptional wall bracket lets you mount the soundbar elegantly below your TV\n\nAdd other SoundTouch\u00ae speakers to expand music to other rooms\n\nSpecifications:\n\nRear of the soundbar:\n1 x HDMI\u2122 output with Audio Return Channel (ARC)\n1 x HDMI input\n1 x Optical digital audio connection\n1 x Power input\n1 x Ethernet port for SoundTouch and software updates via a network\n1 x 3.5 mm jack for ADAPTiQ system setup\n1 x 3.5mm jack to hardwire the bass module\n1 x micro-USB connection\n\nAdditional details:\n\nSupported audio formats: Dolby Digital, DTS\nVideo source compatibility: HDMI and 4K pass-through\n\nWhat's In The Box:\n\nSoundTouch 300 soundbar\nUniversal remote\n2 AAA batteries\nADAPTiQ headset\nPower cord\nHDMI cable\nOptical cable",
    "videoid": "78374104",
    "date_created": "1478125281",
    "date_modified": "1480543396",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-bose-soundtouch-300-soundbar-speaker-767520-1100\/78374104"
}