{
    "title": "Built-in coffee maker by Brew Express",
    "description": "Everyday making coffee can be a daily mess for many households. Consumers have been struggling with having to fill their coffee maker with water and it seems to be a task no one likes. Ice makers are like automatic coffee makers, because they self-fill with water. Most automatic coffee makers are only available in commercial coffee makers that are very large and very expensive. The Brew Express coffee maker offers a built-in coffee maker that self-fills, and gives the consumers ultimate convenience. Brew Express allows the consumer to enjoy brewing options for making a single cup, half carafe, or full carafe of coffee. The consumer no longer need to buy individual single cup coffee maker and a 10 cup coffee maker, because Brew Express gives the user the option to make coffee by the cup or the carafe in one machine. Because Brew Express is built-in, it is a space-saving coffee maker. There are many coffee maker reviews available, but Brew Express is a commercially tested thermal coffee maker that provides the consumer with multiple ways to make their favorite hot beverage. Brew Express has received multiple reviews, and consumers can enjoy the best cup of coffee all at the \"push of a button\". Now consumers can enjoy a clutter free counter-top, and use one product for making tea, making hot chocolate, or any other hot beverage including their favorite hot coffee. \n\n  Enjoy your coffee or hot beverage at the push of button. No more adding water. Couple is happy to gain counter space, and the husband never makes a water mess again!  Life Made Simple by Brew Express. http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=Lezzatg1TCM",
    "videoid": "117415484",
    "date_created": "1332354940",
    "date_modified": "1505164175",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/built-in-coffee-maker-by-brew-express\/117415484"
}