{
    "title": "LG Door-In-Door Side-by-Side Refrigerator LSC22991ST Overview",
    "description": "Buy LG 21.6 Cu. Ft. Door-In-Door Stainless Steel Side-By-Side Refrigerator Model LSC22991ST - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/79366\/LG-LSC22991ST.html\nShop All Side-by-Side Refrigerators - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/117\/Side-by-Side-Refrigerators.html\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 21.6 cu. ft.\n\u2022 SmartPull Pocket Handles\n\u2022 Smart Cooling System\n\u2022 Door-In-Door\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Sophisticated Style And Design\nContoured doors hidden hinges and a host of great interior features like LED lighting give your refrigerator a look as sophisticated as it is functional.\n\u2022 Easier Access\nFor those fly-by visits to the refrigerator the Door-in-Door\u2122 feature allows you to get in and get out providing easy access to beverages and snacks. Also the additional shelf space gives you yet another way to keep your refrigerator organized.\n\u2022 Keep It Seamless\nEnjoy a built-in look with the counter depth feature on this LG refrigerator. Thanks to its slightly shallower depth it can stand flush with your countertop for a sleek look.\n\u2022 Sophisticated Integrated Handles\nIntegrated SmartPull\u2122 handles are uniquely engineered to provide access to food with minimal effort. Sophisticated handles provide your refrigerator a perfectly unified look and serve as a distinguished addition to any kitchen.\n\u2022 Space When You Need It\nGet more space for groceries in a great feature-packed refrigerator. Nothing beats the convenience of having more food when you need it and with a generous 22 cu. ft. of space youll have room and room to grow.",
    "videoid": "69864520",
    "date_created": "1399649543",
    "date_modified": "1482270488",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lg-door-in-door-side-by-side-refrigerator-lsc22991st-overview\/69864520"
}