{
    "title": "Apple Airport Express Base Station - MC414LLA Overview",
    "description": "Buy Appl Airport Express Base Station MC414LLA - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/62191\/Apple-MC414LLA.html\nShop All Networking & Wireless Products - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/644\/Networking-Wireless.html\n\nFeatures:\nEasy Wi-Fi setup using iPhone iPad or Mac\nConnect your DSL or cable modem to AirPort Express and create your new wireless network in just a few taps from your iPhone iPad and iPod touch. If youre using OS X Lion use the built-in AirPort Utility on your Mac. Setup is just as fast and just as easy.\nSimultaneous dual-band 802.11n\nAirPort Express lets Wi-Fi-enabled devices connect to your network on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless bands. Which means every connected device automatically uses the best band available for the fastest possible performance.\nStream music with AirPlay\nAirPlay takes the music from the iTunes library on your computer or iOS device and sends it wirelessly to any connected stereo or speakers in your home (audio cable sold separately). Play music on one set of speakers - or if you have more than one AirPort Express connected to speakers play your music from iTunes on all of them at the same time.\nPrint wirelessly from any room\nOn the back of AirPort Express is a USB port that's made for your printer. Just plug it in and instantly it's like having a printer in every room. And since AirPort Express works with Mac and PC everyone in the house can take advantage of one centrally available printer.\nCompatibility and security\nAirPort Express is compatible with devices using the 802.11a 802.11b 802.11g and 802.11n specifications. So no matter what Wi-Fi device you're using it will work with AirPort Express. AirPort Express also features a built-in firewall to protect your network from malicious Internet attacks. The firewall is automatically turned on so you don't have to do a thing.\nCreate a guest network\nSet up a separate Wi-Fi network with a separate password just for your guests. Simply enable the guest networking feature and your guests can access the Internet but not other parts of your primary network such as your computers printers and LAN-attached hard drives.",
    "videoid": "69864523",
    "date_created": "1399647739",
    "date_modified": "1477509981",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/apple-airport-express-base-station-mc414lla-overview\/69864523"
}