{
    "title": "Unboxing: Apple TV MD199LLA",
    "description": "Unboxing: Apple TV http:\/\/abt.com\/product\/60184\/Apple-MD199LLA.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Movies TV shows music photos and more. All on your widescreen TV\nApple TV gives you anytime access to endless entertainment. Thousands of HD movies and TV shows from iTunes \u2014 many in stunning 1080p \u2014 play through Apple TV on your HDTV and music and photos stream from your computer. You just click and watch. With AirPlay it\u2019s simple to play content from your iPad iPhone or iPod touch on your TV.1 And the Apple TV interface makes it easy to find whatever you\u2019re in the mood for\n\u2022 Small. Powerful. Efficient\nQuiet energy efficient and so small it fits in the palm of your hand Apple TV sits neatly on a TV stand or in a crowded media cabinet. When it\u2019s not filling your living room with drama romance and comedy it uses less power than a night-light. And the included Apple Remote makes it easy to get to your favorite entertainment\n\u2022 Easy setup\nSetting up Apple TV takes almost no time at all. Just plug the power cord into the wall and connect Apple TV to your widescreen TV using an HDMI cable (sold separately). Since everything streams wirelessly to Apple TV using your Wi-Fi network that\u2019s all you need. Except for the popcorn\n\u2022 Give your iPad iPhone or iPod touch some airtime\nWith AirPlay you can wirelessly stream content from your iPhone iPad and iPod touch to your widescreen TV via Apple TV.1 So if you want to watch a movie stored on one of your devices you don\u2019t need to buy or rent it again to watch it on the best screen in the house. You can also stream home movies photos or videos from websites and AirPlay-enabled apps. And with AirPlay Mirroring you can display the screen of your iPad or iPhone 4S on your HDTV.2 So when you tap swipe pinch or play something it shows up on the big screen \u2014 ideal for sharing entertainment with friends or showing off your gaming skills (or lack thereof)\n\u2022 Store it in iCloud. Watch it on Apple TV\nWith iCloud you can buy movies and TV shows on Apple TV and watch them on your iPad iPhone iPod touch Mac or PC. And vice versa.3 iCloud also stores your photos and pushes them wirelessly to all your devices4 \u2014 including your HDTV via Apple TV. It\u2019s the easiest way to get instant access to your content no matter which device you\u2019re using\n\u2022 iTunes Match\nIf you\u2019re an iTunes Match subscriber you can access your entire music collection from iCloud \u2014 including songs you\u2019ve imported from CDs \u2014 right from your Apple TV. Play your whole collection on Apple TV or any iPhone iPad iPod touch or computer for just 24.99 a year.5 iTunes Match has an amazing scan-and-match feature: All the songs in your iTunes library are scanned and then matched with those available on the iTunes Store. Matched songs are instantly added to iCloud with no uploading needed. Any remaining songs are automatically uploaded from your computer to iCloud\n\u2022 Photo Stream\nUploading all the photos from a summer vacation or a big event is as easy as doing nothing at all. With Photo Stream in iCloud your most recent 1000 photos automatically appear on all your devices \u2014 including Apple TV \u2014 no matter which device you used to take the picture. No syncing. No sending. Your photos are just there on your HDTV. For you and everyone to enjoy",
    "videoid": "69863996",
    "date_created": "1425403703",
    "date_modified": "1477000931",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-apple-tv-md199lla\/69863996"
}