{
    "title": "Manfrotto 190Go! Black Aluminum 4 Section Tripod with Ball Head MK190GOA4B-BHUS - Overview",
    "description": "Manfrotto 190Go! Black Aluminum 4 Section Tripod with Ball Head - MK190GOA4B-BHUS\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/96121\/Manfrotto-MK190GOA4BBHUS.html\n\nManfrotto maintains the current 190go! models and expands the series with a new carbon fiber tripod version. The new 190go! carbon fiber maintains the history and heritage of this core Manfrotto family bringing the simplicity of the new twist locking system to the practical and stylish innovations of the 190XPRO together with a more compact and transportable form factor. \n\nFeatures:\n\nCompact and Lightweight: \nThe new 190go! is the lightest and most compact aluminum tripod in the 190 product range. With a closed size of just 17.7\u201d and weight of 3.75 lbs this is 1.6\u201d more compact and 20 lighter than the MT190XPRO4.\nSet-up Speed and Ease of Use \nThe new twist locks allow the easy opening and closure of all sections at once with a single hand making it ultra-fast to operate the tripod. Twist locks occupy less space compared to a lever making the tripod light and compact.\nPortability & Limitless creativity\nThe 90\u00b0column mechanism is hidden inside the tripod\u2019s top casting until it\u2019s needed; the mechanism can then be raised with a single finger allowing the centre column to swing to the horizontal position. Together the 90\u00b0column and the 4 leg angles enable you to get low down to the ground like no other tripod.\nBetter integration with accessories for more shooting possibilities \nTaking its lead from our professional equipment lines an Easy Link attachment in the top casting turns the tripod into a mobile studio and allows it to hold a LED light reflector or other accessory",
    "videoid": "69863352",
    "date_created": "1452637074",
    "date_modified": "1476739568",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/manfrotto-190go-black-aluminum-4-section-tripod-with-ball-head-mk190goa4b-bhus-overview\/69863352"
}