{
    "title": "Coffee Plus\u2122 12 Cup Programmable Coffeemaker Plus Hot Water System (CHW-12)",
    "description": "Fresh, delicious coffee is only the beginning! This incredible hot beverage machine comes complete with all your favorite features, like 24-hour programmability, carafe temperature control, Brew Pause\u2122, and the ultra-convenient Hot Water System. Now, you\u2019re never more than a minute away from enjoying your favorite instant soup, hot cocoa, tea and more.\n\nEnjoy brewing fresh, frothy, and flavorful coffee using the Cuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Maker. It comes with a programmable blue backlit LCD display that is easy to read and user friendly. This programmable coffee maker comes with a 12-cup carafe that features a drip-free pour spout to keep your space spotless. In addition, the comfortable handle makes the carafe easy to serve. With the included hot water system, this 12 cup coffee maker lets you prepare cocoas, teas, instant soups, and in less time. To get coffee at the desired temperature, this Cuisinart coffee maker and hot water system allows you to manage its temperature settings using the carafe temperature control feature. If you wish to taste a cup of coffee before the brewing cycle is complete, take advantage of the Brew Pause feature. This Cuisinart CHW-12 coffee plus hot water system provides the fresh-tasting beverages by filtering out the impurities using the charcoal water filter and gold tone filter.",
    "videoid": "69624199",
    "date_created": "1475184784",
    "date_modified": "1506119370",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/coffee-plus-12-cup-programmable-coffeemaker-plus-hot-water-system-chw-12\/69624199"
}