{
    "title": "Wolf M Series Single Oven SO30TMSTH Overview",
    "description": "Wolf 30  M Series Transitional Built In Stainless Steel Single Oven  - SO30TMSTH - http:\/\/abt.com\/product\/75312\/Wolf-SO30TMSTH.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 10 Cooking Modes For Predictably Delicious Results \nPrecisely control heat and airflow providing just the right cooking environment for everything from braised short ribs to empanadas to classic chocolate chip cookies. 10 modes are Convection Bake Roast Broil Convection Roast Gourmet Proof Warm Dehydrate and Stone.\n\u2022 Gourmet Feature For Foolproof Meals\nWith Gourmet a menu of almost 50 presets automatically controls the cooking making commonly prepared meals quick and easy from pork tenderloin to lasagna to double-crusted cherry pie. Gourmet tells you the proper rack position sets the right cooking mode even adjusts temperature on its own. You just sit back and wait for a perfectly prepared dish.\n\u2022 Easily Monitor Progress Inside\nLarge triple-pane glass windows and three bright halogen lights give you a clear view of your dish without having to open the door and disturb the cooking process.\n\u2022 Quiet-Close Doors\nSay goodbye to the sound of oven door slams. M series oven doors open and close quietly and easily thanks to a spring and damper door hinge system.\n\u2022 Dual Verticross Convection For Consistent Heat Across All Racks\nNo need to adjust racks or rotate pans - our advanced dual convection system delivers the most consistent cooking ever. Two corner column fans with parallel vertical heating elements work in concert to provide just the right heat and airflow for any dish. Expect faster preheating through improved heat saturation and distribution for delicious results sooner than you thought.\n\u2022 Largest Capacity Ever\nAt 5.1 cu. ft. its our most spacious built-in oven ever to accommodate multiple dishes at the same time. (Or a larger bird and more trimmings at Thanksgiving.)\n\u2022 Color Touchscreen Controls\nA color touch screen makes controlling basic oven functions as easy as ever while providing advanced control that standard button interfaces cant - for instance choosing from a library of presets in Gourmet mode\n\u2022 Standard or Flush Inset Installation\nM series ovens can be installed flush with surrounding cabinetry to complement an overall integrated kitchen design.",
    "videoid": "69864049",
    "date_created": "1423667819",
    "date_modified": "1477005300",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/wolf-m-series-single-oven-so30tmsth-overview\/69864049"
}