{
    "title": "Beats By Dr. Dre Beats Pill+ ML4M2LL\/A - Overview",
    "description": "Beats By Dr. Dre Beats Pill+ Black - ML4M2LL\/A http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95140\/Beats-by-Dr-Dre-ML4M2LLA.html\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Defined pure sound quality in a portable compact design\n\u2022 Pair and play with your Bluetooth device\n\u2022 12-hour rechargeable battery\n\u2022 Built-in speakerphone\n\u2022 Charge out to charge your phone and other devices\n\u2022 Power adapter and Lightning cable included\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Sound Bigger Than Its Size\nDefined pure sound quality in a portable compact design Pair and play with your Bluetooth device 12-hour rechargeable battery Built-in speakerphone Charge out to charge your phone and other devices Power adapter and Lightning cable included\n\u2022 Designed Around You\nWith its sophisticated design Beats Pill+ looks as good as it sounds. The simple intuitive no-nonsense interface gets you to your music fast. Play pause skip tracks and control your phone calls with a touch of the multifunction b button.\n\u2022 Pair & Play\nPair the Beats Pill+ to your phone laptop or any other Bluetooth\u00a9-enabled device and play your favorite tracks videos and games with optimized sound and ultimate convenience.\n\u2022 Speakerphone\nEnhanced voice performance allows you to make and receive calls with clarity.\n\u2022 Stay Charged All Day \nThe Beats Pill+ has a 12-hour battery life to stay charged on the go. Short on time? Use the included Lightning cable and power supply unit to get a quick charge in 3 hours. Keep track of your power levels with the fuel gauge so you always know how much battery is left.\n\u2022 Charge Out \nKeep the music going. Now you can charge your phone or external music device with extra juice from the Beats Pill+.\n\u2022 Beats Pill+ App\nDownload the Beats Pill+ app to unlock features that put you and your friends at the center of your music like never before. Bring a second speaker into the mix for even more innovative ways to play. Get additional software updates and product support within the app. Available on iOS and Android.\n\u2022 DJ The Playlist \nGrab a friend and control the music from two Bluetooth sources.\n\u2022 Amplify Your Sound\nAdd a second Beats Pill+ into the mix and simultaneously play from both speakers for a sound thats twice as full.\n\u2022 Put It In Stereo \nSync two Beats Pill+ speakers together for dedicated left and right playback and an even more dynamic sound experience.",
    "videoid": "69863547",
    "date_created": "1450204326",
    "date_modified": "1476896127",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/beats-by-dr-dre-beats-pill-ml4m2ll-a-overview\/69863547"
}