{
    "title": "Dacor Renaissance 30\" Stainless Steel Electric Wall Oven RNO130S - Overview",
    "description": "Shop for the Dacor Renaissance 30\" Electric Wall Oven at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/81919\/Dacor-Renaissance-30-Stainless-Steel-Electric-Wall-Oven-RNO130S.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RNO130S_20160909\n\nThe Renaissance Single Wall Oven not only includes Dacor\u2019s signature features but a sleek ThinLine\u2122 door design which elegantly blends with your kitchen cabinetry to create a flush and seamless appearance. Adding to your cooking experience are SoftShut\u2122 hinges that ensure a gentle touch and feel when opening or closing the oven door as the hinges pull the door closed for you. All together . . . a truly remarkable oven. \n\nFeatures:\n\n- 3\/4 Door creates cabinet-depth appearance. \n- SoftShut\u2122 Hinges pull the door softly closed to prevent slamming. \nElectronic Control Panel with Glass Touch controls and innovative control functions. \n- Renaissance 30 Single Wall Oven in Stainless Steel - ships with Epicure Style stainless steel handle with chrome end caps.\n- 4.8 cubic feet oven cell capacity (30 models - 4.5 cubic feet\/27 models) to accommodate large dishes and meals. \n- GreenClean\u2122 steam cleaning technology cleans light build-up in 30 minutes without the use of high heat or harsh chemicals. \n- Hidden Bake Element for easy clean up. \n- Exclusive Four-Part Pure Convection\u2122 System (in each oven cell) with fan heating element (2200W) air baffle and convection filter reduces cooking time provides superior heat distribution and eliminates flavor transfer. \n- RapidHeat\u2122 Broil Element (3500W) uses an 8-pass radiant ribbon element to broil food quickly and evenly. \n- 6 Cooking Modes (in each oven): Pure Convection\u2122 Convection Bake Convection Broil Convection Roast Bake and Broil \n- Jet Black Porcelain Oven Cell wont discolor with frequent use. \n- 7 Rack Positions in each oven for multi-rack cooking. \n- 2 GlideRacks\u2122 and 1 Chrome rack in the oven cell. GlideRacks fully extend out of the oven using a smooth gliding ball bearing system for moving heavier dishes in and out of the oven easily. GlideRacks and Chrome racks are equipped with a convenient handle in front for a secure grasp. \n- Control Features: Delay Timed Cooking Timed Cooking Automatic Hold 10-Key Pad Clock Two Timers \n- Dehydrate and Proof settings for more advanced culinary enthusiasts. \n- Automatic Hold switches oven into a keep warm mode when desired cook time is complete so you wont overcook your food. \n- Reverse Air Flow Cooling System keeps oven door temperature comfortable to touch. \n- Digital Temperature Probe connects to controls and switches oven into Automatic Hold when desired internal food temperature is reached. \n- Halogen lighting provides improved visibility of whats cooking in each oven. \n- Self-Cleaning Mode in each oven cell. \n- Sabbath Mode: Star-K Certified (www.star-k.com) \n- American-Made: Designed and Manufactured in California \n- 100 Recycled Packaging \n\nSpecifications:\n\n- Electrical: 240 V 60 Hz 30 A\n- Capacity: 4.8 Cu. Ft.\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\n- Height: 27-3\/4\n- Width: 30\n- Depth: 24\n\nApproximate Weight:\n\n- Shipping: 250 lbs\n\nWarranty Information:\n\n- Manufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer): One Year Parts and Labor",
    "videoid": "69863063",
    "date_created": "1473433784",
    "date_modified": "1476388885",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dacor-renaissance-30-stainless-steel-electric-wall-oven-rno130s-overview\/69863063"
}