{
    "title": "Bowers & Wilkins Portable Speaker T7 Overview",
    "description": "Bowers & Wilkins Black Wireless Portable Speaker System - FP37028 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/86132\/Bowers-Wilkins-FP37028.html\n\nFeatures\n\u2022 Little speaker big sound \nThanks to cutting-edge Bowers & Wilkins technologies T7 delivers best-in-class sound for portable wireless speakers. The structural stiffening provided by the Micro Matrix technology and the high-output bass radiators ensure T7 provides real Hi-Fi sound in a compact package.\n\u2022 Bluetooth aptX \nT7 is our very first Bluetooth wireless speaker featuring aptX audio coding technology. So not only can you stream audio directly from any Bluetooth-enabled device \u2013 you can do so in high-definition Hi-Fi-quality.\n\u2022 Micro Matrix\nDerived from the Matrix internal bracing used in our reference loudspeakers and developed as part of Bowers & Wilkins next-generation automotive audio concepts the Micro Matrix honeycomb structure provides substantial cabinet stiffening and a solid platform for the T7s drive units.\n\u2022 Portability\nT7 is the most portable standalone speaker Bowers & Wilkins has ever produced. The size of a hardback book its designed to be picked up and carried with you; and T7s rechargeable battery gives you the freedom to take it with you wherever you go for up to 10 hours at normal listening levels. \n\u2022 Bluetooth compatibility \nT7 is compatible with popular Bluetooth devices including mobile phones tablets and computers.\n\u2022 Bass Radiator\nWith small speakers solid bass is hard to come by. T7 rewrites the rules thanks to its unique twin bass radiators. Designed for the optimum balance of movement and stiffness they deliver beats and bass lines with serious depth and impact.\n\u2022 Bluetooth Convenience\nWith T7 you can stream audio directly from any Bluetooth-enabled PC tablet or mobile phone without the need for a Wi-Fi network. T7 uses high quality Bluetooth aptX which mean you can stream high-resolution audio files for crystal clear sound.\n\u2022 Play for longer\nForget about power points and plug sockets \u2013 T7 is a speaker you can pick up and play anywhere. Just charge it up and it\u2019s good for 18 solid hours of playback. More than enough time for a picnic in the park or an evening round the barbeque.\n\u2022 Easy to use\nT7\u2019s controls are designed to be as easy to use as possible. The speaker keeps buttons to a minimum while an array of simple light signals and audio cues conveys basic functions quickly and intuitively. So nothing gets between you and your enjoyment of the music.\n\u2022 Advance Audio \nOur A7 and A5 wireless system taught us a lot about to produce a great sound from a compact space. T7\u2018s highly advanced audio technology draws on those lessons while adding a few special refinements of its own\n\u2022 Bespoke drive units\nT7\u2019s two 50mm drive units are specially designed to produce the best possible sound from a small space. Each driver is mounted in a ridged steel basket keeping movement tight and controlled while allowing ample air flow.\n\u2022 Audiophile electronics\nWe\u2019ve used sophisticated electronics to make sure T7\u2019s performance is the best I its class. High-quality digital-to-analogue convertors and bespoke digital signal processing keeps T7 sounding clean and balanced even at high volume.",
    "videoid": "69864284",
    "date_created": "1415894735",
    "date_modified": "1491584899",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bowers-wilkins-portable-speaker-t7-overview\/69864284"
}