{
    "title": "Whirlpool Front Loading Steam Washer WFW92HEFW Tour",
    "description": "In this video we look at the Whirlpool front loading, steam, washer model WFW92HEFW.  For more information on this washer or to make a purchase please go to Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/99601\/Whirlpool-White-Front-Load-Steam-Washer-WFW92HEFW.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=WFW92HEFW_20170127&utm_medium=video \n\nFeatures:\n- Load & Go\u2122 System:Skip adding detergent to every load with the Load & Go\u2122 system. The Load & Go\u2122 cartridge holds enough detergent to wash up to 12 loads2 of laundry so you can simply fill it and forget it\n-Wash and Dry Cycle: Wash and dry tomorrow's outfit in the washer5 with this cycle. Featuring FanFresh\u00ae technology, it automatically activates a fan so you can get tomorrow's outfit or sports uniform ready without having to use the dryer\n- 12-Hour FanFresh\u00ae Option: Keep clothes fresh for up to 12 hours after the wash cycle has ended. A built-in fan activates after the wash cycle is over, tumbling clothes for up to 12 hours so you can finish laundry when you're ready\n- ColorLast\u2122 Cycle: The ColorLast\u2122 cycle adjusts wash action, gentle temperatures and wash time to keep colors vibrant longer\n- Precision Dispense: Precision Dispense holds detergent and additives and releases detergent at the correct time during the cycle for optimal fabric care. Detergent mixes with water to penetrate fabrics and virtually eliminate pretreating\n- Presoak Option: The Presoak option adds extra time for soaking before the wash cycle starts\n- Steam Clean Option: Add the power of steam to the stain-fighting Steam Clean option for even more help in breaking down deep soils\n- Adaptive Wash Technology: Keep clothes looking newer longer with technology that senses and adapts wash actions, time and temperature\n- Smooth Wave Stainless Steel Wash Basket: The Smooth Wave stainless steel wash basket gently guides clothes through the wash cycle and helps protect fabrics from fraying and snags\n- 4.5 cu. ft. Capacity: Wash over three baskets of clothing in a single load. Finish laundry faster with 4.5 cu. ft. washer capacity that offers enough space to handle larger loads\n- EcoBoost\u2122 Option: Get additional energy efficiency without giving up cleaning performance. This option lowers water temperature and increases the tumbling action to use less energy while still delivering great cleaning and gentle performance",
    "videoid": "85268210",
    "date_created": "1486144497",
    "date_modified": "1493400873",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/whirlpool-front-loading-steam-washer-wfw92hefw-tour\/85268210"
}