{
    "title": "DJI - Phantom 4 - The Thrill of Speed.mp4",
    "description": "Tap To Fly\nFlying is now for everyone. Just double tap and you're up in the air while the new Obstacle Sensing System keeps your Phantom clear of objects in the way. With another tap, Smart Return Home brings it back\n\nVisual Tracking \nActiveTrack makes tracking a moving subject as effortless as a few taps. Turn on Moving POI to circle around your subject as they move or reframe your shot by dragging the subject on screen. No band or beacon required\n\nSport Mode\nIn the new Sport Mode, the Phantom 4 provides best-in-class flight control. Combined with its magnesium core designed for increased agility, it brings you the ultimate thrill of speed. Maximum speed is increased by 25% while all positioning systems are kept on for a safer, better controlled flight\n\nExtended Flight Time \nWith the most advanced propulsion system, a streamlined body and a larger battery, the Phantom 4 achieves a 28 minute flight time. This is a 25% improvement over the already impressive Phantom 3\n\nAircraft\nRevolutionary Materials and Enhanced Agility \nThe Phantom 4's magnesium skeleton reduces weight while keeping stiffness at a maximum to minimize vibration. The new core design lifts the center of gravity closer to the Phantom 4's heart, improving balance, making it more agile and impressively precise\n\nMultiple Flight Modes \nSwitching flight modes to meet your needs, whether you are looking for simplicity and intelligent navigation, speed or smooth cinematic movements is easy\n\nFly Far For Longer \nFly for 28 minutes, an increase in effective flight time of 25% from the Phantom 3 Professional. Enjoy 3.1mi (5km) of range, with complete control and a live 720p HD view of everything the camera sees\n\nAbt is a proud authorized retailer of the DJI Phantom 4 Drone. Shop for the DJi Phantom 4 Drone, as well as the full line of DJI Drones at Abt today!",
    "videoid": "83093917",
    "date_created": "1482167314",
    "date_modified": "1482179654",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dji-phantom-4-the-thrill-of-speed-mp4\/83093917"
}