{
    "title": "How To Change an EveryDrop 4 Water Filter on a Whirlpool French Door Refrigerator",
    "description": "Buy The EveryDrop Water Filter 4 EDR4RXD2 (Replacement For Filter UKF8001) at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/88862\/EveryDrop-EDR4RXD1.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=EDR4RXD1_20160203\n\nShop All Water Filters - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/492\/Water-Filters.html\n\n This Refrigerator Water Filter is used in Maytag, Jenn-Air, Amana, Whirlpool, and KitchenAid bottom-mount refrigerators with filter access inside the refrigerator. Simply turn the Refrigerator Water Filter to remove and replace. While retaining beneficial fluoride this NSF Certified Refrigerator Water Filter reduces cysts chlorine taste and odor particulates (class I) lead and mercury. The contaminants or other substances removed or reduced by this water filter are not necessarily in all users water. Replacing this Refrigerator Water Filter every 6 months ensures clean safe drinking water. Replaces UKF8001AXX 67003523 67003526 67003527 67003528 12589203 12589206 12589208 12589210.\nUse the Maytag UKF8001 Water Filter in your refrigerator to get well-purified water and ice for a healthy life. This Puriclean II filter cartridge can be ideally used with Maytag Jenn-Air Amana Whirlpool KitchenAid and many bottom-mount refrigerators which have filter access. It has been certified by the NSF for effectively minimizing cysts chlorine taste and odor class I particulates lead and mercury in water. This cyst reducing water filter retains the beneficial fluoride while reducing the contaminants that affect the water quality. You can replace this Maytag water filter replacement for every 12 months to get clean safe drinking water that tastes fresh.",
    "videoid": "69864519",
    "date_created": "1399654954",
    "date_modified": "1477509767",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-change-an-everydrop-4-water-filter-on-a-whirlpool-french-door-refrigerator\/69864519"
}