{
    "title": "iHome iBT29 Wireless Bluetooth Phaze Clock Radio iBT29BC - Overview",
    "description": "iHome iBT29 Wireless Bluetooth Phaze Clock Radio - iBT29BC http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/91886\/iHome-iBT29BC.html\n\nThe iBT29 is a Bluetooth-enabled alarm clock with a difference adding excitement and color to your music. Stream wireless digital audio via Bluetooth from your iPhone iPad Android Windows and other Bluetooth-enabled devices. Play iPhone iPod or other devices via aux-in jack. USB charging port. Adjustable LED cabinet color and alarm display. Reson8 speaker chamber provides great sound. Built-in mic voice echo cancellation and answer and end controls make speakerphone use a pleasure. FM radio with 6 presets. Perfect for parties or setting the mood while listening at home.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Wake and sleep to Bluetooth audio FM radio or built-in tone - Start and end your day just the way you want it to sound\n\u2022 Works with Bluetooth wireless audio Send digital audio wirelessly to iBT29 from your iPad iPhone and iPod touch Android Windows or other Bluetooth-enabled audio device\n\u2022 Integrated mic plus talk\/ end button - Use as a speakerphone with paired cell phone\n\u2022 Translucent cabinet and display changes color at the touch of a button - Five color LED color changing cabinet and display with six color\/wake up color modes let you set the mood\n\u2022 USB port for charging iOS and other devices - Enjoy your music while keeping your device fully charged\n\u2022 Dual Alarms - 2 independent alarms let you wake to Bluetooth audio FM radio or built-in tone at separate times\n\u2022 FM radio with 6 station preset memory - Program up to 6 favorite FM stations\n\u2022 Simple elegant design - Contemporary yet classic look suits any decor\n\u2022 Aux-in jack - Connect and play any audio device equipped with a standard 3.5 mm headphone jack\n\u2022 Programmable snooze - Let\u2019s you sleep in a lot or a little\n\u2022 SureAlarm battery backup (1 CR2450 battery included) - Ensures alarm operation in the event of a power failure",
    "videoid": "69863691",
    "date_created": "1441221999",
    "date_modified": "1476910893",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ihome-ibt29-wireless-bluetooth-phaze-clock-radio-ibt29bc-overview\/69863691"
}