{
    "title": "Yamaha Soundbar With Wireless Subwoofer YAS-203 - Overview",
    "description": "Yamaha Soundbar With Wireless Subwoofer  - YAS-203 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/86719\/Yamaha-YAS203.html\n\nImmersive Home Theater Sound with Deep Bass\nMake all of your movies and TV shows come to life with clear spacious sound. The piano-black finish of the sound bar looks great with your TV and the wireless subwoofer can be placed anywhere in the room to deliver rich impactful bass. BLUETOOTH lets you wirelessly stream music from your iPhone iPad and Android\u2122 devices.\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 AIR SURROUND XTREME Provides Superior Virtual Surround\nYamaha-exclusive AIR SURROUND XTREME reproduces virtual 7.1-channel surround sound with high quality excellent imaging and rich presence far superior to other virtual surround technologies. Youll experience an extremely realistic and impressive sound field with clear dialogue in the front and dynamic sound action effects from behind.\n\u2022 Realistic and Impressive Sound\nThe sound bar houses a digital amp and two 2-1\/8 cone speakers with large magnets to ensure high quality sound. Its structural design allows the sound bar to perform with power and clarity in a slim body chassis. Yamahas original advanced bass extension processing delivers powerful bass for enhanced performance.\n\u2022 Easy to Place Wireless Power Subwoofer\nThis subwoofer features a large magnet a front-firing configuration proprietary Yamahas Advanced YST II and a linear port to produce deep and smooth bass. And because there is no need to connect cables its easy to set up and place.\n\u2022 Bluetooth Wireless Music Streaming from Your Smartphone or Tablet\nFill your home with music the quick and easy way! Stream music from Bluetooth-compatible smartphones tablets and computers. And with support for aptX audio coding performance is better than ever. The YAS-203 can also be set in Bluetooth standby mode enabling the bars power to turn on or off automatically for energy-saving convenience.\n\u2022 Clear Voice Makes Dialogue and Narrations Easy to Hear\nClear Voice raises the level of dialogue and narrations while maintaining overall sound quality. Movies TV shows sports and news broadcasts are more clearly audible.\n\u2022 UniVolume Maintains the Same Volume Level\nThis welcome feature made possible by Yamaha developed technology maintains a consistent volume level between different channels programs commercials and input sources. It can be switched on and off.\n\u2022 Low-Profile Design \nWith a height of only 3-1\/8 the YAS-203 can be easily positioned in front of most TVs. To straddle a TV stand simply attach the included feet.\n\u2022 Elegance and Simplicity \nThe sophisticated design features a piano black finish bringing elegance and quality to the room.\n\u2022 Wall-Mountable \nThe YAS-203 can be mounted to a wall using commercially available hardware. A paper mounting template is included to assist with the installation process.\n\u2022 Easy Operation From Your Smartphone or Tablet\nDownload the free Home Theater Controller app for iOS and Android\u2122 to easily perform a variety of basic functions. Select surround modes or make sound adjustments for the best listening experience.\n\u2022 TV Remote Repeater for Signal Transmission \nEven if the YAS-203 blocks the TV remotes signal the TV Remote Repeater transmits the signal to the TV so operation is unaffected.\n\u2022 Learning Function Allows Operation With The TV Remote Control \nThe YAS-203 can learn the TV remote control signal so you can use the TV remote control to turn the YAS-203 on and off adjust its volume and even control the mute function.",
    "videoid": "69863850",
    "date_created": "1430940198",
    "date_modified": "1476985765",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/yamaha-soundbar-with-wireless-subwoofer-yas-203-overview\/69863850"
}