{
    "title": "Apple 27\" iMac 2015 - Overview",
    "description": "Apple 27 inch iMac 3.2GHz Desktop Computer - ME088LL\/A http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95237\/Apple-MK482LLA.html\n\nSit down in front of an iMac and something incredible happens: The world around you seems to disappear and you lose yourself in the big beautiful display. To create an experience this immersive we pushed every limit rethought every detail and advanced iMac in the most astonishing ways.\nFeatures:\nDesign\n\u2022 The ultimate all-in-one. Honed to the cutting edge\nThe first iMac was a revolution: An all-in-one computer that put everything \u2014 display processor graphics storage memory and more \u2014 inside one simple stylish enclosure. Countless innovations later weve raised the bar yet again. iMac includes the most advanced most brilliant desktop display weve ever built and its filled with the latesthigh-performance technologies. Yet its just 5 mm thin at its edge with up to 40 percent less volume than the previous generation. To do all that required unprecedented feats of engineering \u2014 and imagination. We invented new technologies pioneered new manufacturing techniques and devised all-new ways to do more in less space.\n\u2022 Innovations at the molecular level\nOne of the biggest challenges our engineers faced with this design was how to join the front to the back. The enclosure is so thin its not possible to weld the pieces using traditional methods. So we searched far and wide for other ideas and we found one in a process called friction-stir welding. Its commonly used on airplane wings rocket booster tanks and other parts that simply cant fail. This process uses a combination of intense friction-generated heat and pressure to intermix the molecules of the two aluminum surfaces \u2014 creating a seamless precise and superstrong join. You may not see it but this iMac wouldnt be possible without it.\n\u2022 Now youre closer to the action\nThe iMac display is not set behind the cover glass \u2014 its right up against it. The LCD itself is 5 mm thinner than before and we used an advanced process called full lamination to eliminate a 2-mm gap between the LCD and the glass something that has never been done on a display this large. Although it may not seem like much those few millimeters are enough to make images look as if theyre leaping off the glass.\n\u2022 75 percent less reflection\nFull lamination has a second major benefit: It eliminates the reflection of light off the LCD panel and off the back of the displays cover glass. But we also figured out how to reduce reflection off the front of the glass without compromising color quality. Instead of applying an antireflective coating to the glass in a conventional way we adapted a process used on smaller surfaces like camera lenses and fighter pilots helmets. Its called plasma deposition and it involves coating the glass with layers of silicon dioxide and niobium pentoxide so precise and so thin theyre measured in atoms. The result: an astounding 75 percent reduction in reflectivity \u2014 and vibrant accurate colors.\n\u2022 Individually calibrated for true-to-life color\nNone of these innovations would matter much if the iMac display didnt deliver vivid true-to-life color. Which is why we put every single display through an exacting color-calibration process using three state-of-the-artspectroradiometers: one to measure gamma one to measure white point and one to check the work of the other two. This equipment is tuned to meet color standards recognized around the world for precision and accuracy.\n\u2022 More energy efficient\nNot only does this iMac offer higher performance than any previous iMac its also more energy efficient using up to 50 percent less energy in the idle state with the display on. And its hardware components work hand in hand with the operating system to conserve even more power.\n\u2022 Friendly to the environment\nThe environmentally friendly iMac is free of many harmful toxins including mercury arsenic BFRs and PVC. Its also made from materials such as aluminum and glass which are more likely to be recycled and reused.\n\u2022 Highly rated designs\nAs a a result of all our efforts iMac meets the stringent low power requirements set by the EPA giving it ENERGY STAR 5.2 qualification. And it has earned the highest rating of Gold from EPEAT which evaluates the environmental impact of a product based on how recyclable it is how much energy it uses and how its designed and manufactured.\nPerformance\n\u2022 Core i5 and Core i7 processors\nThe fourth-generation quad-core Intel Core i5 processor \u2014 based on the latest Haswell architecture \u2014 is standard on iMac. Its available at a clock speed of up to 3.4GHz. Or configure iMac with a quad-coreIntel Core i7 at up to 3.5GHz. Since OS X is designed to take advantage of each core iMac captures every bit of performance from the processor. OS X also supports Hyper-Threading in the Core i7 allowing two threads to run simultaneously on each core \u2014 giving you eight virtual cores of processing power.\n\u2022 Turbo boost 2.0",
    "videoid": "69863614",
    "date_created": "1445275755",
    "date_modified": "1476903599",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/apple-27-imac-2015-overview\/69863614"
}