{
    "title": "Sonos PLAYBAR Home Theater Soundbar: Sonos at Abt Electronics",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/67409\/Sonos-PLAYBAR.html\nShop Soundbars - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/1122\/Soundbar-Speakers.html\n\nThe Sonos Playbar home theater soundbar adds premium audio to your flat screen TV in a sleek easy to hook-up package. You no longer need a complicated home theater system with multiple speakers and hundreds of feet of cable just to enjoy theater-quality sound in your home. Instead the Playbar connects to your TV with a single optical cable playing audio from any source also connected to the TV.\n\nHidden behind the unassuming black grill are six midrange speakers and three tweeters each powered by an individual Class-D digital amplifier. Combined with sophisticated signal processing the result is a range of crystal-clear audio which replicates the enveloping effect of a traditional surround sound home theater system. If you need additional bass the Sonos Playbar can wirelessly synch with the heavy-hitting Sonos Sub.\n\nSimply being the best TV soundbar wasnt enough for Sonos the leader in wireless music streaming technology. They went one step further by also making the Playbar a standalone music streaming device. Tune into your favorite channels on services like Pandora or Slacker Radio with the available Android and iPhone apps or stream songs stored on your NAS to the Playbar. The Sonos Playbar works seamlessly with dozens of music services and can synch with up to 16 computers or NAS devices providing you with nearly endless listening choices.\n\nKey Features:\n\nComplements HD television screens with richly textured HiFi sound\nWirelessly streams all the music on earth\nSimple to set up control and expand\nRequires just two cords: one power cord one optical cord (both included). Syncs with other Sonos speakers wirelessly\nUnderstands and speaks most IR remotes language and can be controlled by free apps for your Android iPhone or iPad\nPlays all sources plugged in to your HDTV: cable\/SAT boxes Blu-Ray players and video game consoles. If",
    "videoid": "69864961",
    "date_created": "1363723912",
    "date_modified": "1477606408",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sonos-playbar-home-theater-soundbar-sonos-at-abt-electronics\/69864961"
}