{
    "title": "How To: Make Beef And Broccoli Using A Cuisinart Rice Cooker and Breville Thermal Pro Electric...",
    "description": "Learn how to make Beef and Broccoli using products available at Abt!\n\nCuisinart Rice Cooker - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/16264\/Cuisinart-CRC400.html\n\nBreville Electric Skillet - \nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/77263\/Breville-BEF450XL.html\n\nStovetop Directions:\n\nRecipe found on Pintrest\nThis easy version of the Chinese takeout classic requires only a short marinade to make the beef fork-tender. Serve over white or brown rice. Serves 4.\n\nPrep Time: 10 minutes + 1 hour for marinade Cook Time: 8 minutes\n\nFirst, marinate the meat:\n\n\u00a7 1\/2 tsp baking soda\n\n\u00a7 1 tsp sugar\n\n\u00a7 1 tbsp cornstarch\n\n\u00a7 1 tbsp low-sodium soy sauce\n\n\u00a7 1 tbsp water\n\n\u00a7 2 tbsp vegetable oil\n\n\u00a7 1 1\/2 lbs flank steak, sliced into thin strips\n\n1. Whisk together the baking soda, sugar, cornstarch, soy sauce, water, and vegetable oil in a large bowl. Toss the steak with the marinade to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour, then proceed below.\n\n\u00a7 1\/2 c low-sodium soy sauce (Do NOT use regular. The final product will be way too salty)\n\n\u00a7 2 tbsp brown sugar\n\n\u00a7 4 cloves garlic, minced\n\n\u00a7 2 tbsp flour\n\n\u00a7 1 tbsp sherry\n\n\u00a7 3 tbsp vegetable oil\n\n\u00a7 2 heads broccoli, crowns only\n\n1. In a small bowl, stir together the soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, flour and sherry until smooth. Set aside.\n\n2. In a large wok or saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil over high heat until shimmering. Add broccoli and saute 3 minutes, stirring often. Transfer broccoli to a plate.\n\n3. Reduce heat to medium-high. Carefully add the remaining tablespoon of oil to the hot pan. Add the marinated meat and half of the sauce mixture and saute for 3-4 minutes, stirring often, until the meat is cooked through and no longer pink. Stir in the broccoli and remaining sauce. Saute 1 minute more. Serve.",
    "videoid": "69863865",
    "date_created": "1430411670",
    "date_modified": "1492032249",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-make-beef-and-broccoli-using-a-cuisinart-rice-cooker-and-breville-thermal-pro-electric\/69863865"
}