{
    "title": "Overview of the Apple TV With A5 Chip Processor - MD199LL\/A",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/60184\/Apple-MD199LLA.html\nShop Digital Media Devices - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/2134\/Digital-Media-Devices.html\n\nFeatures:\n\nMovies, TV shows, music, photos, and more. All on your widescreen TV\nApple TV gives you anytime access to endless entertainment. Thousands of HD movies and TV shows from iTunes \u2014 many in stunning 1080p \u2014 play through Apple TV on your HDTV, and music and photos stream from your computer. You just click and watch. With AirPlay, it's simple to play content from your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch on your TV.1 And the Apple TV interface makes it easy to find whatever you're in the mood for\n\nSmall. Powerful. Efficient\nQuiet, energy efficient, and so small it fits in the palm of your hand, Apple TV sits neatly on a TV stand or in a crowded media cabinet. When it's not filling your living room with drama, romance, and comedy, it uses less power than a night-light. And the included Apple Remote makes it easy to get to your favorite entertainment\n\nEasy setup\nSetting up Apple TV takes almost no time at all. Just plug the power cord into the wall and connect Apple TV to your widescreen TV using an HDMI cable (sold separately). Since everything streams wirelessly to Apple TV using your Wi-Fi network, that's all you need. Except for the popcorn\n\nGive your iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch some airtime\nWith AirPlay, you can wirelessly stream content from your iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch to your widescreen TV via Apple TV. So if you want to watch a movie stored on one of your devices, you don't need to buy or rent it again to watch it on the best screen in the house. You can also stream home movies, photos, or videos from websites and AirPlay-enabled apps. And with AirPlay Mirroring, you can display the screen of your iPad or iPhone 4S on your HDTV. So when you tap, swipe, pinch, or play something, it shows up on the big screen \u2014 ideal for sharing entertainment with friends or showing off your gaming skills (or lack thereof)\n\nStore it in iCloud. Watch it on Apple TV\nWith iCloud, you can buy movies and TV shows on Apple TV and watch them on your iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, Mac, or PC. And vice versa. iCloud also stores your photos and pushes them wirelessly to all your devices \u2014 including your HDTV via Apple TV. It's the easiest way to get instant access to your content, no matter which device you're using",
    "videoid": "69865109",
    "date_created": "1352837684",
    "date_modified": "1477663439",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/overview-of-the-apple-tv-with-a5-chip-processor-md199ll-a\/69865109"
}