{
    "title": "Samsung Over-The-Range Microwave - ME21K7010DG",
    "description": "Features:\n\nPowerGrill\n- The PowerGrill lets you quickly and easily create deliciously crispy grilled dishes, like steak, using a sheath type heater. And, with its Auto Grill cook mode, you can perfectly grill the most common food items\n\nLED cooktop light\n- Brilliant Dual LED lighting makes it easy to see what your cooking is by evenly distributing light over your entire cooktop. And LED lights consume less energy and last longer, so they also help you save money\n\nWide Design\n- A wide glass door is extremely stylish and practical. Situated at eye level, it makes it very easy to see everything inside and check on your food. And its exclusive design looks as good as it cooks!\n\nGlass touch control pad\n- An integrated Glass Touch Control panel is both extremely convenient and stylish. Its bright, clear LED display is easy to read and includes finger touch control. It's also easy to clean and provides a premium look\n\nPower Ventilation System (400 CFM)\n- A Power Ventilation system refreshes air in a flash to ensure a comfortable cooking environment. Its amazing 400 cu. ft. per minute suction capacity gets rid of steam, fumes and odors extremely quickly and quietly\n\nMore cooking space for larger meals\n- Enjoy all the space you need to cook sumptuous food for your friends and family. With a large 2.1 cu. ft. capacity it can accommodate virtually any sized meal or dish and cook it all quickly and efficiently\n\nECO mode\n- ECO Mode significantly reduces energy consumption with the industry's lowest standby power. When you're not cooking, the power used to maintain essential functions is minimal, saving you money on electricity bills",
    "channelid": "69550062",
    "videoid": "125113538",
    "date_created": "1508877103",
    "date_modified": "1508878820",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/samsung-channel\/samsung-micro-hood-me21k7010bss\/69550062-125113538"
}