{
    "title": "Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker II 725192-1110 - Overview",
    "description": "Bose Carbon SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker II  - 725192-1110 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/92669\/Bose-7251921110.html\n\n\u2022  \nBetter sound in the palm of your hand \nSee how you can enjoy grab-and-go sound See how you can enjoy grab-and-go sound  Enjoy your music on the go everywhere you go. The SoundLink Mini Bluetooth speaker II delivers full natural sound with dramatically deeper bass than youd expect from an ultra-compact speaker that fits in the palm of your hand. It connects wirelessly to your smartphone tablet or other Bluetooth device so you can listen to your music videos or games anytime anywhere. And the built-in speakerphone lets you take calls out loud too.\n\u2022 Big sound\u2014with deep bass\u2014for a full-range listening experience\n\u2022 Wireless and ultra-compact so you can take Bose sound anywhere\n\u2022 Built-in speakerphone lets you take calls out loud\n\u2022 Voice prompts talk you through Bluetooth pairing so its super easy\n\u2022 Rechargeable battery plays up to 10 hours\n\u2022  Plays where you play \nThe SoundLink Mini speaker II is small and light enough to tuck into your bag. It weighs in at just 1.5 pounds. Its low profile lets you place it almost anywhere and provides a low center of gravity that makes it nearly impossible to tip over. \nThe rechargeable lithium-ion battery delivers up to 10 hours of playtime and charges with most USB power sources. At home you can listen indefinitely by keeping the unit on the charging cradle. The battery charges as you listen and the speaker is always ready to grab and go.\n\u2022  Bluetooth connectivity \nSoundLink Mini II has a range of about 30 feet so you can enjoy the sound you want without wires. Voice prompts talk you through pairing with your smartphone iPad or other Bluetooth device making it easier than ever. And the speaker remembers the most recent eight devices youve used so reconnecting is even simpler.\n\u2022  Big performance small size \nYou might not expect sound this rich from a speaker this small but the SoundLink Mini speaker II is something new. You dont have to sacrifice performance for portability. Proprietary technologies and an innovative driver configuration combine to deliver full-range sound\u2014including deep lows\u2014in an ultra-compact package. It lets you take your music to places its never been before.\n\u2022  Easy operation elegant design \nThe SoundLink Mini speaker II is designed for sleek simplicity. Its single-piece aluminum casing is both attractive and durable. The speaker features power and volume buttons\u2014you control all other functions from your Bluetooth device.\n\u2022  More Features:\n\u2022 Charging cradle recharges the battery serves as a convenient home base for your speaker and it lets you play while it charges\n\u2022 Wall charger can be plugged into the cradle or directly into the speaker\n\u2022 Auxiliary port lets you connect other audio sources like an MP3 player\n\u2022 USB port allows for software updates to ensure ongoing Bluetooth device compatibility",
    "videoid": "69863661",
    "date_created": "1442348920",
    "date_modified": "1476907931",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-soundlink-mini-bluetooth-speaker-ii-725192-1110-overview\/69863661"
}