{
    "title": "Samsung Black Fast Charge Wireless Charging EP-PN920TBEGUS - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung Black Fast Charge Wireless Charging - EP-PN920TBEGUS & 523226 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94064\/Samsung-EPPN920TBEGUS523226.html\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Wireless Fast Charge feature available for even faster charging speeds on select models\n\u2022 Qi certified by WPC (Wireless Power Consortium) to support wireless charging on all Qi-enabled devices (where Fast Charge feature is not compatible standard wireless charging speeds apply)\n\u2022 Portable attractive design for use in multiple locations\n\u2022 Multi-colored LED halo indicates charging status\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Fast Charge Wireless Charging Pad \nCompatibility: The wireless Fast Charge feature is compatible with Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 edge+. Universal wireless charging support for other Qi-enabled devices. Charging your device wirelessly may require the addition of a wireless charging cover (sold separately).\n\nTake your wireless charging experience to the next level with the Fast Charge Wireless Charging Pad. Available in black sapphire or white the new wireless charging pad allows you to charge your Galaxy Note5 or Galaxy S6 edge+ device up to 1.4x faster than standard wireless charging pads reducing total charging time from 0-100 by up to 50 minutes! Using Samsungs Fast Charge technology the pad can transfer a faster charge to the device when used with the included Fast Charge wall charger. The Fast Charge Wireless Charging Pad is closing the gap in speed between wireless and wired charging! The pad is also backwards compatible for any Qi-enabled device so you can charge those devices wirelessly at standard speeds.\n\u2022 Fast Charge Support\nGalaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ are compatible with wireless Fast Charge technology. Other devices will charge at standard wireless charging speeds.\n\u2022 Wireless Charging Convenience\nSay goodbye to tangled wires and lost charging cables. The Samsung Wireless Charging Pad utilizes Qi Inductive Charging Technology that eliminates the need to fumble with charging cables each time you want to charge your device. The dedicated Charging Pad is always at the ready providing wireless power whenever you set your device on the pad. You can still use your device while charging and your device is always accessible so you can answer a call without having to unplug.\n\u2022 Easy To Use\nThe Samsung Wireless Charging Pad is easy to set up and use. First connect the Charging Pad to your devices charging cable and then place your phone on the pad. For optimal performance your device should be placed in the center of the pad. The built-in LED indicator light will alert you if the device is not properly aligned and when a good charge alignment is acquired. If using a Galaxy S6 Galaxy S6 edge Galaxy Note5 or Galaxy S6 edge+ the pad will also alert you when your device is fully charged with a green LED indicator light. A spare Samsung Fast Charge wall charger is included with the pad. If a non-Samsung or Samsung charger below 2A is used you may damage the charging pad.",
    "videoid": "69863628",
    "date_created": "1444233976",
    "date_modified": "1476904709",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-black-fast-charge-wireless-charging-ep-pn920tbegus-overview\/69863628"
}