{
    "title": "Whirlpool AP51030K Whispure 510 Air Purifier : Whirlpool...",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/45444\/Whirlpool-AP51030K.html\nShop Air Purifiers - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/383\/Air-Purifiers.html\n\nA Whirlpool air purifier uses a True HEPA air filter to capture 99.97 of of airborne particles as small as 0.3 microns from air passing through the filter. That would be 1100000000 particles in an area smaller than one square inch!\n\nWhirlpool air cleaners rank amongst the top for high clean air delivery rates.\n\nA Whispure\u2122 air purifier from Whirlpool filters more air with less sound. You will discover Whirlpools advanced airflow design and True HEPA Technology make Whispure\u2122 the quietest high efficiency air cleaner.\n\nEasy to use easy to maintain and quiet efficient operation... rediscover the air you breathe\u2122 with a Whirlpool air purifier!\n\nWhispure\u2122 has three fan speeds to fit your needs. You simply turn it on adjust the speed and Whispure\u2122 does the rest. Its that easy to clean the air in your home or office.\n\nThe two-stage filter system inside a Whirlpool air purifier keeps going strong for a long time. But how do you know when its time to change filters? Indicator lights on the unit will let you know when it is time for a filter replacement.\n\nWhispure\u2122 ... the name says it all! Very very quiet delivery of pure clean air. The air purifier removes airborne allergens such as dust pet dander pollen tobacco smoke dust mites fabric fibers and mold spores as well as common odors and chemical gases.\n\nThis air purifier has a great Clean Air Delivery Rate (CADR) as well as electronic controls indicating when the filters should be changed. The 510 with its ultra quiet efficient operation is ideal for any room in your home including the bedroom.\n\nThe Whirlpool Whispure\u2122 510 uses the same air filters as the 1 rated 450 model with the added benefit of electronic controls 4 fan speeds and sleep mode.",
    "videoid": "69864893",
    "date_created": "1371669956",
    "date_modified": "1477597731",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/whirlpool-ap51030k-whispure-510-air-purifier-whirlpool\/69864893"
}