{
    "title": "Microsoft Xbox One S 1TB Halo Wars 2 Bundle - Unboxing",
    "description": "Microsoft Xbox One S 1TB Halo Wars 2 Bundle - 23400128\n\nFeatures:\n\nAll-new, action-packed story \n - The heroes of Halo Wars return to find themselves\u2014and the galaxy\u2014in more danger than ever. Following the events of Halo 5, the all-new story is told in action-packed missions set on the legendary Halo destination known as the Ark. Players will strategically command overwhelming firepower in large-scale battles against a terrifying threat facing the UNSC and all of humanity\n\nBlitz: Instant Command \n - Blitz is an entirely new way to experience Halo Wars and real-time strategy gameplay. Combining tactical combat with card-based strategy, your deck is your army in Blitz as you build collections of powerful Halo vehicles and troops and command those units in fast-action matches online or solo against waves of enemies\n\nMost innovative Xbox ever \n - Experience richer, more luminous colors with High Dynamic Range technology. Stream 4K video on Netflix and Amazon Video, and watch Ultra HD Blu-ray movies in 4K Ultra HD. Includes the newly streamlined Xbox Wireless Controller with Bluetooth\n\nGreatest games in Xbox history \n - All the blockbusters are on Xbox One, including Gears of War 4, Halo Wars 2, ReCore, and Crackdown 3.3 Plus, all the great franchises like FIFA 17, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, and Titanfall 2. And thanks to backward compatibility, Xbox One is the best place to play classic Xbox 360 games\n\nPlay together with Gold \n - With the most advanced multiplayer across Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs, Xbox Live is the world's premier gaming community. And with Xbox Live Gold, you get free games, exclusive member discounts, up to 50-75% off games in the Xbox Store, and more\n\nXbox Play Anywhere \n - Anywhere is a great place to play. Experience the freedom to play your games wherever you want. When you own an Xbox Play Anywhere digital title, it's yours to play on Xbox One and a Windows 10 PC\u2014at no additional cost\n\n40% smaller. 1TB of storage. Internal power supply. \n - Play the greatest games lineup, including Xbox 360 classics, on a 40% smaller console. Just don't let its size fool you: with an internal power supply and 1TB of internal storage, the Xbox One S is the most advanced Xbox ever\n\nHigh Dynamic Range \n - Experience richer, more luminous colors in games like Gears of War 4 and Forza Horizon 3. With a higher contrast ratio between lights and darks, High Dynamic Range technology brings out the true visual depth of your games\n\n4K Ultra HD Blu-ray\u2122 and Streaming \n - With four times the resolution of standard HD, 4K Ultra HD delivers the clearest, most realistic video possible. Stream 4k content on Netflix and Amazon Video and watch Ultra HD Blu-ray movies in stunning visual fidelity with High Dynamic Range\n\nIR Blaster \n - Configure your Xbox One S to turn on other devices, like your TV, audio\/video receiver, and cable\/satellite receiver. Whether you're playing a game or watching a movie, the integrated IR blaster will get you to the action faster, allowing you to leave your remotes behind\n\nXbox Wireless Controller \n - Experience the enhanced comfort of the new Xbox Wireless Controller, featuring a sleeker, more streamlined design. Get up to twice the wireless range. Stay on target with textured grip. And with Bluetooth\u00ae technology, play your favorite games on Windows 10 PCs, tablets, and phones\n\nPlay Xbox 360 games on Xbox One \n - Xbox One backward compatibility\u2014the #1 fan-requested feature\u2014is now reality. Play a growing number of your Xbox 360 games on Xbox One at no additional cost. And with hundreds of titles being added in the months to come, Xbox One is now the best place to play your Xbox 360 games\n\nPlay together with Gold \n - With the most advanced multiplayer across Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs, Xbox Live is the world's premier gaming community. And with Xbox Live Gold, you get the most advanced multiplayer, free games, exclusive member discounts, up to 50-75% off games in the Xbox Store, and more\n\nWhat's Included:\n\n - Xbox One S 1TB console\n - Xbox Wireless Controller\n - Halo Wars 2: Ultimate Edition digital code for Xbox and Windows 10\n - Halo Wars 2: Season Pass digital code\n - Halo Wars: Definitive Edition digital code for Xbox and Windows 10\n - 14-day Xbox Live Gold trial",
    "videoid": "88465868",
    "date_created": "1493058857",
    "date_modified": "1493060319",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/xbox-console-unboxing-halo-wars-1tb-60-mp4\/88465868"
}