{
    "title": "Samsung Black 4K Blu-ray Disc Player UBD-K8500\/ZA - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung Black 4K Blu-ray Disc Player - UBD-K8500\/ZA\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/97270\/Samsung-UBDK8500ZA.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=UBDK8500_20160223\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 4K Ultra HD \nPlay 4K Ultra HD movies at 4x the resolution of full 1080p HD letting you watch your favorite scenes with a level of detail and clarity like never before\n\u2022 High Dynamic Range (HDR) \nHDR allows for a greater range of color contrast and brightness enhancing details from the original film format\n\u2022 Wider Color Range \nCapable of producing 2x the color range of a conventional Blu-ray player. The Ultra HD Blu-ray reveals more colors than youve ever seen before\n\u2022 Smart Blu-ray Player \nWatch 4K movies and shows from your favorite streaming services. Turn any TV into the ultimate home entertainment hub with full access to all your favorite web and TV content including games movies smart apps and videos. Plus with the UHD Upscaling feature all your low definition content will automatically refine to near UHD giving you a crystal clear picture at 4x the resolution of full HD. Watch all your TV shows and movies in near 4K quality\n\u2022 Universal Disc Player \nPlay all your music CDs DVDs and Blu-ray discs on one device. Enjoy all your movies and shows in near UHD quality\n\u2022 Built-In Wi-Fi \nSync and stream all your favorite TV shows games apps and more with built-in wireless. Access and share your TV and multimedia content from your PC and mobile devices for a truly connected home media experience\n\u2022 HDMI \nEnjoy your favorite movies shows and sports with higher quality audio. The HDMI connection transmits digital video and audio over a single cable delivering a superior entertainment experience\n\u2022 DTS HD Master Audio \nEnjoy the ultimate in digital sound quality on all your favorite movies TV shows and streaming content. Dolby Digital Plus optimizes your entertainment experience with enhanced sound richness and clarity\n\u2022 Dolby TrueHD \nEnjoy near studio-quality HD audio with your home entertainment system",
    "videoid": "69863296",
    "date_created": "1456256847",
    "date_modified": "1476295559",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-black-4k-blu-ray-disc-player-ubd-k8500-za-overview\/69863296"
}