{
    "title": "Soundbar Buying Guide",
    "description": "Shop Soundbars at Abt - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/1122\/Soundbar-Speakers.html\n\n Hi. Im Anthony from Abt Electronics and Im going help you out with choosing a sound bar that best suits you. With todays advancements of television technology you may have noticed that TV thickness has transformed from tube TVs which were as thick as a linebacker to flat screens which are as thin as a framed painting and while this change has been convenient for moving and mounting TVs it certainly leaves no room for speakers that can benefit your entertainment experience. The speakers that reside within at least 90 percent of flat panel televisions on the market today have been degraded to meager ten eight and four watt speakers that usually need to be turned well past the threshold they can withstand in order to even hear when you are watching. When using standard flat panel speakers past the point they can handle dialogue and music that is usually crisp becomes garbled and incoherent. Obviously sound is an important factor when using your television as it accounts for half your experience and with this lack in sound quality sound bars and supplemental sound systems have become more of a necessity than an accessory when purchasing a television.\n When confronted with the dilemma of inadequate audio essentially you are faced with two options; a full surround sound system or a sound bar. Those looking for an easy effective and relatively inexpensive solution should choose a sound bar. Sound bars are basically multiple speakers housed in a sleek rectangular bar casing that comprise the higher audio frequency range. To reach lower bass frequencies a subwoofer is typically in a larger separate enclosure however some sound bar models feature a built in subwoofer to take up less space but at a significant loss of a deeper sound range. Sound bars that have separate subwoofers usually have the feature to connect the subwoofer wirelessly as having the ability to place your subwoofer further away from the audio source enriches the sound. Setting up a sound bar to a TV is universal across all models and it requires very few steps and wiring. All sound bars either require an HDMI connection or a digital audio connection from the television to the unit itself. The last step is simply choosing whether to place the sound bar in front of the TV or to mount it using the equipment commonly provided making an excellent display piece to accent your TV.\n While the concept of a sound bar is simple enough Abt offers a wide variety of models to choose from. Regardless of the price of any sound bar they will all accomplish one thing: getting loud. The majority of sound bars on the market contain speakers that can dish out more than 300 watts of combined power. Subsequently most units are fit for any room in your house. Most sound bars also have the ability to change the direction of their speaker output to adapt to room sizes but when looking for more in-depth sound wattage only corresponds to loudness. Units at moderate to higher price levels offer a wider spectrum of sound and clarity because of higher quality speakers.\n  Sound bars are always being innovated to offer more features such as Bluetooth connectivity so you can pair a mobile device and listen to music or watch movies with greater sound. Others have additional HDMI ports to act as a hub for your peripherals like cable boxes and Blu-ray players. One of the more intuitive approaches to create a full entertainment center experience is a model that can even be connected wirelessly to the internet and play major radio broadcasts from around the world. Although some sound bars have additional features the ultimate deciding factor is how detailed you want the sound. Overall sound bars are the perfect upgrade for your television they are quick to set up and offer sound that TVs just cannot on their own. For information on sound bars feel free to check out our written guide on Abt.com or call 888.228.5800 to chat with one of our audio specialists. Thanks for watching.",
    "videoid": "69864797",
    "date_created": "1381783020",
    "date_modified": "1486514745",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/soundbar-buying-guide\/69864797"
}