{
    "title": "How To: Replace The GE MWF Water Filter In Your GE Refrigerator",
    "description": "Learn how to replace the water filter in your GE refrigerator that uses MWF water filters!\n\nBuy The GE MWF Replacement Refrigerator Water And Ice Filter At Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/18942\/GE-MWF.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MWF_20160203\n\nIf you\u2019re looking for an efficient water filter for your GE or Hotpoint refrigerator the GE MWF Refrigerator Water Filter is a safe choice. An enhanced version of the GWF model this water filter can be used with Smart Water GWF01 GWF06 and Hotpoint HWF. However with a reusable adapter this filter can also replace XRC FXRT FXRC and many Kenmore models. Eliminating most of the waterborne contaminants including mercury lead carbofuran p-dichlorobenzene toxaphene and benzene this GE MWF SmartWater Filter will give you safer and healthier drinking water. This filter features a check valve that prevents any kind of water leakage. Installation is made easy as it does not require any specialized tool. Its slim compact design makes for added ease. For better efficiency it is recommended that you replace the filter every six months. Precisely this GE Cartridge water filter is all that you need for safe great-tasting drinking water at home.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 GEs SmartWater MWF Refrigerator water filter fits all GE and Hotpoint Refrigerators with water filters and replaces part numbers GWF Smart Water GWF01 GWF06 HXRT and Hotpoint HWF. The SmartWater MWF Refrigerator water filter also replaces MXRC FXRT FXRC WR97X10006 and 46-9905 filters when used with a reusable adaptor (Part number: Adapter).\n\u2022 The MWF water filter can also be used on select Kenmore refrigerators. Kenmore models where the model number begins with 363 are likely to use this filter. The MWF water filter replaces Kenmore part numbers 9905 469905 & 46-9905\n\u2022 Improved version of the GWF filter\n\u2022 Reduces more waterborne contaminates such as Mercury Toxaphene p-dichlorobenzene Carbofuran Alachlor and Benzene\n\u2022 Also reduces lead crystosporidium and giardia\n\u2022 Slimmer design allows for easy installation and removal\n\u2022 No tools required for installation\n\u2022 Replace filters every six months",
    "videoid": "69863677",
    "date_created": "1441893989",
    "date_modified": "1476909944",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-replace-the-ge-mwf-water-filter-in-your-ge-refrigerator\/69863677"
}