{
    "title": "Samsung Side-By-Side Refrigerator RS25H5111 Overview",
    "description": "Buy Samsung Side-by-Side Refrigerator RS25H5111 -  http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=rs25h5111\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 25 cu. ft. Large Capacity With our 25 cu. ft. large capacity Side-By-Side refrigerator you can store up to 25 bags of groceries in a sleek 36-wide model. Grocery comparison based on each cubic foot of usable space equaling one paper bag.\n\u2022 Twin Cooling Plus\u2122 The Twin Cooling Plus\u2122 feature maintains both high levels of refrigerator humidity to keep perishable fruits and vegetables fresher longer and dry freezer conditions means less freezer burn for better tasting frozen foods.\n\u2022 LED Tower Lighting Our new strategically placed Tower lighting gently brightens every corner of your refrigerator while reducing heat and energy output. Its space-saving design leaves more room for groceries.\n\u2022 Automatic In-Door Ice Maker Our automatic in-door ice maker saves freezer space and offers convenient access to ice right inside the door. It can produce up to 4.2lb. and store up to 5.5lb. of ice per day while saving more room for frozen foods.\n\u2022 Digital LED Display The digital LED Display is conveniently located above the water and ice dispenser on the refrigerator door. Its brightly lit LEDs display temperature lets you know when the filter needs replacement and controls the water and ice dispenser.\n\u2022 ENERGY STAR Rated ENERGY STAR rated products meet strict energy efficiency specifications set by the government. This Samsung refrigerator not only meets ENERGY STAR requirements it exceeds them.",
    "videoid": "69864372",
    "date_created": "1412349280",
    "date_modified": "1477442411",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-side-by-side-refrigerator-rs25h5111-overview\/69864372"
}