{
    "title": "Bose Companion 2 Series III Computer Speakers COMP2III...",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/70210\/Bose-COMP2III.html\nShop Computer Speakers - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/2053\/Computer-Speakers.html\n\nThese days your computer is your multimedia library. Its where you play games listen to music and watch movies. Upgrade your tinny computer speakers to the Bose Companion 2 Series III Multimedia Speaker System and youll experience all of those things in an entirely new way.\nThe Bose Companion Speakers put the world-renowned sound quality of Bose Speakers into a small system that will easily fit on any computer desk. Youll enjoy rich lifelike sound with all of your media. Clear high notes will liven up any song while the Bose Companion Speakers bass ports help deepen low frequencies. TrueSpace stereo digital signal processing creates a wide soundstage filling your listening area with aural pleasure.\nHigh-quality sound doesnt have to add complications to your entertainment. The Bose Companion 2 Speakers are truly plug-and-play requiring no additional setup. A large power\/volume-control knob gives you easy access to volume adjustment without having to use on-screen computer controls. If youd like to employ the breathtaking Bose Speaker sound on your smartphone or other portable device its as simple as plugging into the additional audio mini-jack.\nThe Bose Companion 2 Series III Speakers add an element of stunning sound to all your media in a compact affordable package.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 High-quality audio performance with clear sound at any volume\n\u2022 Wide lifelike sound delivered by two elegant speakers\n\u2022 Play an additional device just connect to the auxiliary input\n\u2022 Volume control\/headphone jack on front of the right speaker\n\u2022 Simple set up easy listening\no Everything you need is in the box and you can set up in minutes. Volume control and headphone jack are on the right speaker\n\u2022 Expand your entertainment\no Use the auxiliary input to bring Bose performance to another audio source such as your iPhone or iPad",
    "videoid": "69864890",
    "date_created": "1372273565",
    "date_modified": "1477597629",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-companion-2-series-iii-computer-speakers-comp2iii\/69864890"
}