{
    "title": "Yamaha Desktop Audio System TSX-B72 Overview",
    "description": "Buy Yamaha Desktop Audio System - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=tsxb72\nShop All Alarm Clock Radios - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/35\/Alarm-Clock-Radios.html\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Compact modern design with great sound\n\u2022 Bluetooth wireless music streaming from a smartphone or tablet\n\u2022 Near field communication (NFC) for one-tap Bluetooth pairing with compatible devices\n\u2022 Free control app available\n\u2022 USB charging output on top panel\n\u2022 AM\/FM radio\n\u2022 Stereo 3.5 mm aux. input\n\u2022 Wake up gently with IntelliAlarm\u2122\n\u2022 Multiple alarm options\nFeatures:\nA Marvel of Compact Design and Great Sound\n\u2022 With its classic look and powder coat finish the TSX-B72 lends contemporary elegance to any living space. And thanks to its compact size it fits just about anywhere. Yamahas unique SR-Bass\u2122 technology delivers full-range audio with rich deep bass.\nWireless Music From Your Smartphone or Tablet\n\u2022 Stream music wirelessly from Bluetooth-compatible smartphones tablets and computers. Devices with near field communication (NFC) functionality can be connected with one tap for hassle-free pairing.\nWake Up Gently with IntelliAlarm\n\u2022 Yamaha's unique IntelliAlarm feature wakes you up gradually and pleasantly. Three minutes before the alarm sounds at the time you set the radio starts to play. The sound fades in gently filtering out high frequencies at first then gradually fills out the entire audio spectrum allowing you to wake in a natural and relaxing way. It's a great way to start your day!\nSet Per-day Alarms from Your Smartphone\n\u2022 Install the free Yamaha DTA Controller app on your smartphone or tablet to turn it into a full-function remote control for all the IntelliAlarm features including setting up flexible per-day alarm times and radio presets as well as customizing fade-in times and frequency curves. Naturally you can also change radio channels and adjust the sound -- all from an intuitive and friendly touchscreen interface. The app will be periodically updated for additional functionality.",
    "videoid": "69864481",
    "date_created": "1403878384",
    "date_modified": "1477505808",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/yamaha-desktop-audio-system-tsx-b72-overview\/69864481"
}