{
    "title": "Sony Bluetooth Over-Ear Noise Cancelling Headphones | MDR-1000X - Review",
    "description": "Shop for Sony Headphones at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/103865\/Sony-Black-Over-Ear-Wireless-Noise-Cancelling-Headphones-MDR1000XB.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=MDR100X_20161013&utm_medium=video\n\nKey Features: \n\nNoise canceling beyond compare\n\n- The MDR-1000X provides industry-leading noise cancellation. See how low frequency vehicle noise and mid to high frequency voices are reduced with the MDR-1000X compared to our previous noise cancelling model.\n\nImmerse yourself in music\n\n- Enjoy noise cancelling beyond compare, whenever and wherever life takes you and whatever you're doing.\n\nNoise, tackled and tamed \n\n- New high sensitivity drivers efficiently filter out unwanted noise while Dual Noise Sensor technology uses internal and external microphones to detect and offset ambient sound. Close-fitting urethane foam earpads surround your ear and lock out distractions.\n\nWorld in. World out.\n\nTake control of sound with SENSE ENGINE\n\n- Hear only what you want to hear and nothing else. SENSE ENGINE gives you the freedom to tune in and out of your music at a touch.  \n\nSENSE ENGINE\n\n- Optimizes and adjusts to you\n\nPersonal NC Optimizer\n\n- These headphones analyze your personal characteristics and wearing style, then optimize sound for you.\n\nTurn down the music for a conversation\n\nQuick Attention\n\n- Talk without taking your headphones off. Place one hand over the housing to instantly decrease music volume.    \n\nStay immersed and catch every word\n\nAmbient Sound mode (Voice mode)\n\n- Listen to your music without distraction while still catching important announcements.\n\nStay immersed, yet aware\n\nAmbient Sound mode (Normal mode)\n\n- Hear essential everyday sounds such as traffic while listening to your music in the background.\n\nTruly authentic sound\n\n- Hear music that stays true to the original recording with High-Resolution Audio. Optimized for High-Resolution Audio, S-Master HXTM reduces distortion and allows you to enjoy all the subtleties in your music. \n\n- These headphones also include a powerful 1.57\" driver with Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) diaphragm for handling heavy beats, and can reproduce a full range of frequencies up to 40 kHz. \n\nRestore all your compressed files\n\n- The Digital Sound Enhancement Engine HX (DSEE HX) upscales compressed digital music files (MP3, ACC, ATRAC and WMA) and takes them closer to the quality of High-Resolution Audio. By restoring the high-range sound lost in compression, DSEE HX produces your digital music files in rich, natural sound. \n\nHigh quality wireless listening with LDAC\n\n- LDAC transmits approximately three times more data (at the maximum transfer rate: 990 kbps) than conventional Bluetooth\u00ae Audio, which allows you to enjoy High-Resolution Audio content in exceptional sound quality close to High-Resolution Audio.\n\nLuxurious leather\n\n- Soft synthetic leather on the housing and earpads give a luxurious look and feel. Designed to fit securely over your ears for hours of comfortable listening.\n\nReady to travel\n\n- Swivel folding earcups make it easy to store your headphones in a suitcase, bag or the supplied carrying case while traveling.  \n\nSwipe and tap\n\n- Simply touch the gesture panel on the earpads to stop, play, skip through tracks, change volume or activate the smartphone's voice assistant features.\n\nDigital Noise Cancelling technology\n\nHigh quality wireless audio with LDAC\n\nHigh-Resolution Audio compatible\n\n1.57\" HD driver unit for dynamic range\n\nAluminum-coated LCP diaphragm minimizes distortion\n\nDRIVER UNIT\n-  1.57\", dome type (CCAW Voice Coil)\n\nFREQUENCY RESPONSE (HZ)\n- 4 Hz-40,000 Hz\n\nCORD LENGTH\n- Headphone cable (approx. 4.92', silver-coated OFC strands, gold-plated stereo mini plug)",
    "videoid": "69884575",
    "date_created": "1476304615",
    "date_modified": "1482343281",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-bluetooth-over-ear-noise-cancelling-headphones-mdr-1000x-review\/69884575"
}