{
    "title": "Overview: JBL Link 300 Bluetooth Voice Activated Speaker",
    "description": "Shop for the JBL Link 300 Speaker at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/115638\/JBL-Link-300-Black-Bluetooth-Voice-Activated-Speaker-JBLLINK300BLKUS.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=JBLLINK300_20171023\n\nThe JBL Link 300 is a voice-activated speaker with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth\u00ae enabled that delivers incredible room-filling sound from a compact design. It has the Google Assistant built-in. It's your own personal Google. Always ready to help. You can ask it questions. And tell it to do things. The more you use it, the more useful it gets. Just start with \"Ok Google\" \u2013 a simple voice request triggers your JBL Link 300 to play music, podcasts or radio from services like Google Play Music, Spotify, Pandora and more. To amplify your party, speakers with Chromecast built-in can be grouped together to enjoy the same song in every room.\n\nFeatures:\n\nGet help from your Google Assistant\n- JBL Link 300 has the Google Assistant built-in. It is your own personal Google. Always ready to help\n\nHands-free voice control\n- Far-fi eld voice recognition allows for easy hands-free operation. Ask questions across the room and the JBL Link 300 will respond\n\nSimple setup with the Google Home app on iOS & Android\n- With the free Google Home app on iOS & Android, you can easily setup and manage your JBL Link 300\n\nChromecast built-in\n- Lets you instantly stream your favorite music, radio, or podcast from your mobile device to your speakers\n\n24 bit\/96kHz High quality sound, powered by the cloud\n- Chromecast streams directly from the cloud, so you get the highest sound quality. Enjoy crystal clear sound exactly the way the artist intended\n\nMulti-room playback across speakers that have Chromecast built-in\n- Easily set up your system and control multi-room playback with the Google Home app. A step by step guide allows you to quickly start streaming your music\n\n2.4\/5GHz Wi-Fi connection network support\n- Support both 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi connection, resulting in a faster, robust and more stable wireless connection\n\nWireless Bluetooth streaming\n- Wirelessly stream high-quality sound from your smartphone or tablet\n\nRoom filling sound\n- A compact design equipped with high performance JBL transducers to deliver incredible room filling sound",
    "videoid": "124832414",
    "date_created": "1508792550",
    "date_modified": "1508792994",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/overview-jbl-link-300-bluetooth-voice-activated-speaker\/124832414"
}