{
    "title": "Flexson On Wall Mount For Sonos Play:3 FLXP3WB1011 - Overview",
    "description": "Flexson Black On Wall Mount For Sonos Play:3 - FLXP3WB1021 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/91935\/Flexson-FLXP3WB1021.html\n\nTilt it swivel it rotate it - even hang it upside down! Flexsons bespoke bracket for the SONOS PLAY:3 allows you to wall mount your speaker in the ideal place to sound - and look - great. This new improved design gives you yet more flexibility and functionality. The new Flexson mount has a unique tilting mechanism as well as the ability to swivel left or right so you can perfectly angle your sound. It also allows 180-degree rotation - making the most of the PLAY:3s ability to be used in either horizontal or vertical mode. The bracket also allows you to hang the PLAY:3 upside down - so you can access its on-speaker controls even when its mounted high up. You can even mount your speaker on the ceiling! The Flexson wall mount for SONOS PLAY:3 is precision engineered to perfectly match the size style and colour of the SONOS speaker. It also allows for neat cable routing easy fitting and flexible placement. Free up your surfaces and mount your music today!\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Tilt it swivel it rotate it\n\u2022 Wall Bracket. Bespoke design for SONOS PLAY:3 speaker\n\u2022 New improved design with added functionality\n\u2022 Unique tilting mechanism ? plus left or right swivel\n\u2022 Precision engineered in the UK\n\u2022 Quick and easy to fit and adjust.\n\u2022 Available in black or white\n\u2022 180-degree rotation allows you to use the PLAY:3 in either horizontal or vertical mode\n\u2022 20\u00b0 down tilt\n\u2022 90\u00b0 (45\u00b0 left 45\u00b0 right) swivel \n\u2022 Sold as a single",
    "videoid": "69863654",
    "date_created": "1442437623",
    "date_modified": "1492182364",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/flexson-on-wall-mount-for-sonos-play-3-flxp3wb1011-overview\/69863654"
}