{
    "title": "Beats By Dr. Dre Studio Wireless Headphone Features",
    "description": "Buy Beats By Dr. Dre Studio Wireless Headphones - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=studio+wireless\nShop All Headphones - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/2089\/Headphones.html\n\nThe new Beats Studio now comes wireless. It's the same headphone with Adaptive Noise Cancelation (ANC) a rechargeable battery and re-engineered sound just with no wires. The Bluetooth stays connected up to 30 feet so you can roam freely and keep the music going. Take calls skip songs and change the volume right from the headphone. The Studio Wireless has all the energy and excitement you expect from Beats with more freedom.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 FEEL YOUR MUSIC The Beats Acoustic Engine\u2122 makes your listening experience intimate personal and real. Our signature DSP software is designed to generate the emotional experience that Dr. Dre Jimmy Iovine and some of the music industry's greatest rock hip-hop pop electronic and R&B producers want you to feel. This is how music would sound if the artist could play it back for you in person.\n\u2022 PUT THE WORLD ON MUTE Silence the noise from your daily commute or the drama from your loud neighbors with our no-compromise dual-mode Adaptive Noise Canceling. When you're listening to music ANC automatically strikes a balance between your music and the world outside. If you only want to use the headphone to cancel external noise ANC only mode automatically increases the level of noise cancellation for a quieter world.\n\u2022 WHAT BATTERIES? Dead batteries can kill your vibe in a flash. The New Beats Studio fixes this with a 20-hour rechargeable battery. To prevent wasting energy the Auto On\/Off feature turns off the headphone when you unplug and with the visible Battery Fuel Gauge you always know how much juice is available. Forget specialized adapters; the New Studio can be charged via micro USB almost anywhere.\n\u2022 LIGHTER STRONGER AND MORE COMFORTABLE When we reimagined our legendary headphone we designed it like a beautiful sports car and made disciplined choices. We streamlined the New Beats Studio with fast curves smooth surfaces and no visible screws. We shaved 13 percent off the original weight and gave it a lighter stronger and more comfortable headband. We created softer ear cups and an ergonomic bellow to create a flexible custom fit for every head shape so you can keep your music all to yourself.",
    "videoid": "69864583",
    "date_created": "1394720345",
    "date_modified": "1477519073",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/beats-by-dr-dre-studio-wireless-headphone-features\/69864583"
}