{
    "title": "LG French Door Refrigerator LFXS30766ST Features",
    "description": "LG 30 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel French Door Bottom Freezer Refrigerator  - LFXS30766ST- http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/86271\/LG-LFXS30766ST.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Freshness Never Looked Better\nLGs newest refrigerators deliver the perfect mix of style capacity and all-important food freshness. Theres a model just right for you.\n\u2022 More Usable Space \nWith the super capacity 30 cu. ft. refrigerator you have more usable space allowing you to store more food than ever before. \nCompared to LGs standard width French door refrigerator.\n\u2022 Door-In-Door \nFor those fly-by visits to the refrigerator the Door-in-Door\u2122 feature allows you to get in and get out providing easy access to beverages and snacks. Also the additional shelf space gives you yet another way to keep your refrigerator organized.\n\u2022 Most Shelf Space \nIce makers are great but not if it means you cant fit all of your food in the fridge. The Slim SpacePlus Ice System provides more shelf space and allows even more space for door bins. \nStandard width french door refrigerator excludes other LG manufactured products\n\u2022 Fresher is Better \nSmart Cooling Plus technology is designed to maintain superior conditions within the refrigerator. The Linear Compressor and Dual Evaporators react quickly to humidity and temperature levels and help keep your food fresher longer. Meanwhile strategically-placed vents in every section help to surround your food with cool fresh air no matter where you put it.\n\u2022 Peace of Mind \nWhen you buy a refrigerator you dont want to worry that it wont last. Because the Linear Compressor uses fewer moving parts and operates more efficiently LG confidently backs the Linear Compressor with a 10-year limited warranty.",
    "videoid": "69864295",
    "date_created": "1415716015",
    "date_modified": "1477436678",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lg-french-door-refrigerator-lfxs30766st-features\/69864295"
}