{
    "title": "Samsung 18 Cu. Ft. Counter Depth Stainless French Door Refrigerator RF18HFENBSR - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung 18 Cu. Ft. Counter Depth Stainless Steel French Door Refrigerator - RF18HFENBSR\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/85790\/Samsung-18-Cu.-Ft.-Counter-Depth-Stainless-Steel-French-Door-Refrigerator-RF18HFENBSR.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RF18HFENSS_20160311\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Counter Depth Design \nGet more workspace while enhancing your kitchens look with our counter-depth refrigerator design. Its sleek built-in style blends in with the cabinetry adding function and style to your kitchen.\n\u2022 18 cu. ft. Capacity \nWith our 18 cu. ft. capacity French refrigerator you can store up to 18 bags of groceries in a sleek 33-wide model.\n\u2022 Automatic Filtered Ice Maker in Freezer \nThe automatic filtered ice maker in the freezer offers convenient access to ice. It provides filtered ice cubes and helps ensure you have ice on hand at all times.\n\u2022 J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction Award \nRanked Highest in Customer Satisfaction with French Door Refrigerators In Tie. - J.D. Power\n\u2022 Twin Cooling System \nSamsungs Twin Cooling Systemmaintains cooling air for the refrigerator and freezer separately. The refrigerator air is kept at higher near-commercial grade humidity levels to keep perishable fruits and vegetables from spoiling quickly. Drier freezer air means less freezer burn for better-tasting frozen foods.\n\u2022 LED Lighting \nLED Lighting gently brightens up the interior of your refrigerator so youre able to quickly spot what you want. Its sleek design saves more space than traditional incandescent light bulbs and leaves more room for groceries.\n\u2022 Surround Air Flow\nSurround Air Flow helps maintain optimal temperatures and ensures air circulates for even cooling throughout the refrigerator.\n\u2022 Power Freeze and Power Cool \nFast freeze or fast chill your food with the Power Freeze and Power Cool options. Easily drop the temperature in each compartment within minutes with the push of a button. Great for chilling your favorite drinks or firming up ice cream in a flash.\n\u2022 Two Crisper Drawers \nTwo crisper drawers keep your produce crisp and fresh and provide ideal storage space for all your fruits and vegetables.\n\u2022 EZ-Open\u2122 Handle \nThis specially designed handle allows for easy opening and closing of a fully loaded freezer containing a filtered ice maker. The low-profile handle design lifts up and glides out the drawer effortlessly.",
    "videoid": "69863275",
    "date_created": "1457710258",
    "date_modified": "1476298168",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-18-cu-ft-counter-depth-stainless-french-door-refrigerator-rf18hfenbsr-overview\/69863275"
}