{
    "title": "Start Towards A Healthier You With The Smart Strider 695 CSE Elliptical By ProForm",
    "description": "Get started quickly with the easy set up of the Smart Strider 695 CSE. Enjoy the variety of workouts around the world when you pair up with iFit. Push yourself with adjustable incline, resistance levels, and 24 onboard workout programs. Keep cool with the workout fan, measure heart rate, and more! Take advantage of the vast features of the Smart Strider 695 CSE and start towards a healthier you today!\n\nSHOP the official Proform website:\n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/2GWsfK\n\nLike what you see here? Check out more machines from ProForm:\n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=G7dKJ...\n\n\nSUBSCRIBE to ProForm on YouTube: \n\u2022 https:\/\/goo.gl\/UW10Ah\n\n\nWATCH more on the ProForm Channel: \n\u2022 https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/ProFormLive \n\n\nLIKE us on FACEBOOK: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/proform\nFOLLOW us on TWITTER: https:\/\/twitter.com\/proformfitness\nFOLLOW us on INSTAGRAM: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/proformfitness\n\n\nWe know your time is a precious commodity\u2014and any time spent on yourself is a miracle. After years of hard work and innovation, we figured out how to make your fitness experience convenient and simple. When you step on the deck of a ProForm treadmill, you get instant access to professional training programs fully loaded and ready to go. Now you can enjoy a challenging workout focused in on your goals. Just press \u201cStart\u201d and you\u2019re off..",
    "videoid": "130145844",
    "date_created": "1511222527",
    "date_modified": "1521730621",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/start-towards-a-healthier-you-with-the-smart-strider-695-cse-elliptical-by-proform\/130145844"
}