{
    "title": "It's a Star Wars\u2122 Life with BB-8 and Force Band",
    "description": "Sphero Star Wars Force Band:\n\nThe Force is strong with you. Channel it with the Star Wars\u2122 Force Band\u2122 by Sphero. Designed with an authentic Star Wars look and feel, the Force Band fastens to your wrist and allows you to enhance your native Force powers.\n\nLike a Jedi Knight, you can control your BB-8\u2122 App-Enabled Droid\u2122 with just a wave of your hand. Learn to control your Droid by mastering moves like Force push and pull. After you've advanced beyond Droid Control, expand your abilities as BB-8 guides you through Force Training. Use the band by itself to complete Combat Training for Blasters, Lightsabers, and the Force itself, or uncover and collect digital holocrons in your environment with Force Awareness.\n\nThe Force Band is compatible with the original BB-8 App-Enabled Droid by Sphero and other Sphero robots powered by Bluetooth Smart. Fulfill your destiny and become strong in the ways of the Force.\n\nSphero BB-8 App-Enabled Droid:\n\nOver the years, the magic of Star Wars\u2122 has always lived on screen and in our imaginations. Thanks to our advancements in technology, we\u2019ve made it possible to bring a new part of Star Wars: The Force Awakens\u2122 into your home.\n\nMeet BB-8\u2122 - the app-enabled Droid\u2122 that's as authentic as it is advanced. BB-8 has something unlike any other robot - an adaptive personality that changes as you play. Based on your interactions, BB-8 will show a range of expressions and even perk up when you give voice commands. Set it to patrol and watch your Droid explore autonomously, make up your own adventure and guide BB-8 yourself, or create and view holographic recordings.\n\nIt\u2019s now possible to explore the galaxy with your own trusty Astromech Droid by your side. BB-8 is more than a toy - it\u2019s your companion.",
    "channelid": "83102885",
    "videoid": "83102685",
    "date_created": "1475785977",
    "date_modified": "1502404180",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/sphero-channel\/it-s-a-star-wars-life-with-bb-8-and-force-band\/83102885-83102685"
}