{
    "title": "Overview: SVS Piano Gloss White Prime Satellite Speakers - PRIMESATELLITEGWH",
    "description": "SVS Piano Gloss White Prime Satellite Speakers - PRIMESATELLITEGWH \n\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/102333\/SVS-Piano-Gloss-White-Prime-Satellite-Speakers-PRIMESATELLITEGWH.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=PRIMESATELLITEGWH_20160708\n\nFrom the moment you feel the weight of the Prime Satellite Speaker it becomes clear that no satellite speaker has ever offered this level of audiophile design high-end components and precise build quality. Jets thunder through the sky. Bullets graze your ears. Prime Satellites simply outclass the tiny and tinny surround speakers designed to be more form than performer. Prime Satellites revolutionize surround speakers\u2014in fact they employ many of the same components as their bigger brothers in the Prime and Ultra lines. Strategically placed Prime Satellites create awe-inspiring realism and seamless sonic transitions from front- to-back and side-to-side. When the lights dim and the score fades in they flood your room with dynamic audio realism and action. Painstakingly voiced and sonically matched Prime Satellites are designed to blend with SVS towers bookshelves or in a system all their own for endless listening possibilities.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 1 Aluminum Dome Tweeter \nThe 1 Aluminum dome tweeter which is light efficient and rigid provides high SPL (Sound Pressure Level) with minimal distortion and the sense of utter transparency. It deploys a Finite-Element-Analysis (FEA) optimized diffuser to ensure the tweeter only has the perfect on-axis and off-axis frequency response. That way everyone in your listening room gets the best performance. Likewise since we share these design traits with both the Prime and Ultra speakers both product lines can blend well with one another while offering that SVS hallmark airy presentation and incredibly unveiled highs\n\u2022 4.5 Woofer \nWe built our groundbreaking new 4.5 bass woofer on an all-new cast ABS-fiberglass composite basket for precise component alignment and an inert frame without resonances or added harmonics. Like all of the other drivers in the Prime family the polypropylene cone is light and rigid to give a flat frequency response and the SPL necessary to keep up with the other drivers. Like all of the other woofers in the Prime and Ultra series the 4.5 woofer uses aluminum shorting rings for reduced distortion and a vented voice coil former to keep the motor assembly cool during high SPL playback. For perfect bass extension the cabinet is rear ported and tuned perfectly for the 4.5 woofer\n\u2022 SoundMatch Crossover Intelligently Designed For Your Listening Room\nOur exclusive SoundMatch crossover sports premium-grade capacitors air-core inductors and heavy-trace printed circuit boards. All of these high-quality components yield lower distortion tighter tolerances better heat dissipation and all around better sound. The 2-way crossover is uniquely tuned so each driver can blend perfectly each other while offering the best on and off-axis response while maintaining phase coherency and razor sharp time domain behavior",
    "videoid": "69863132",
    "date_created": "1467993677",
    "date_modified": "1476384834",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/overview-svs-piano-gloss-white-prime-satellite-speakers-primesatellitegwh\/69863132"
}