{
    "title": "Sony Black 2.1 Channel 4K High-Resolution Wireless Sound Bar System HTNT5 - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Black 2.1 Channel 4K High-Resolution Wireless Sound Bar System - HTNT5\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100621\/Sony-Black-2.1-Channel-4K-High-Resolution-Wireless-Sound-Bar-System-HTNT5.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=HTNT5_20160602\n\nThe ultimate Hi-Res sound bar for your 4K home theater experience.1 The NT5 packs power and performance worthy of any home theater into a sleek beautiful design. Experience the sonic details of every movie playlist and videogame thanks to the clarity of Super Tweeters and support for Hi-Res Audio playback.. And connect your compatible device wirelessly to stream music from all your favorite services.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 High-Resolution Audio for uncompromising sound\nExperience digital music to the fullest with High-Resolution Audio. By capturing music at a higher rate than CD increasing both audio samples per second and the bit-rate accuracy of each sample High-Resolution Audio offers an uncompromised rendition of an artists\u2019 music. Savor every breath and subtle movement for a truly emotional experience.\n\u2022 Direct Stream Digital (DSD) playback for High-Resolution Audio\nEnjoy studio-quality sound thanks to the Direct Stream Digitalstyle name=sup1\/style(DSD) audio codec \u2014 designed specifically for High-Resolution Audio. This 1-bit format utilizes a stream of very high frequency 1s and 0s to recreate audio waveforms at a higher resolution than conventional codecs. The result is clearer crisper High-Resolution Audio quality. \n\u2022 Discrete 6-channel S-Master HX amplification\nEnjoy the best High-Resolution Audio experience with the S-Master HX digital amplifier. Using a simplified and fully digital signal path S-Master HX reproduces the subtleties and wide frequency range of high-resolution formats. Unlike conventional amplifiers it maintains the digital signal until right before the speaker output eliminating distortion \u2014 for High-Resolution Audio just as the artist intended.\n\u2022 DSEE HX restores your music files\nGo beyond CD quality. DSEE HX builds on our proprietary DSEE technology upscaling compressed audio files to a level that\u2019s closer to High-Resolution Audio. By restoring the subtleties of the original recording that are lost during the compression process DSEE HX delivers a rich studio-quality audio experience for all your music.\n\u2022 Cinematic S-Force PRO Front Surround\nAn immersive virtual surround sound experience. S-Force PRO Front Surround mimics the way the brain correlates sound sources to create proper volume time lag and sound wave spectrum \u2014 using only left and right speaker channels. By naturally emulating three-dimensional sound fields you\u2019ll be able to enjoy rich high-fidelity audio across a wider listening area.\n\u2022 ClearAudio+ enriches your music\nUnique to Sony ClearAudio+ automatically adjusts sound settings for an enriching listening experience. By bringing together expertise in digital signal processing technologies ClearAudio+ is able to optimize audio formats to deliver a consistently clear high-quality sound whatever music you\u2019re into.\n\u2022 Ultra-slim design for minimum intrusion\nAt only 2.5\u201d (6.4cm) tall the ultra-slim premium finish is designed to fit simply in front of your TV without blocking the screen or interfering with IR receivers. Its sleek profile also lends itself well to a number of wall mounting options. \n\u2022 Connect to your home network with DLNA\nDigital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) is an industry-wide standard for sharing data over a home network. This makes it easier to stream and transfer your favorite music films and pictures between your DLNA-supported devices\u2014including TVs PCs portable servers and gaming consoles.\n\u2022 Wireless subwoofer for flexible setup\nAdd impact to movies with rich powerful bass. Position the 15 (38 cm) wireless subwoofer anywhere in the room to enjoy rich resounding bass with fine low-end detail thanks to a bass-reflex port. The compact stylish black unit blends in with any d\u00e9cor.Unite your music with SongPal\nDownload SongPal for your smartphone or tablet and take control of your music collection. Simply connect over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi and you\u2019ll have seamless access to all your favorite tracks whether they\u2019re stored on your PC server or favorite online music service. The app can also be used to customize sound settings to ensure great balanced audio.\n\u2022 The simple way to send music to your speakers\nThe HT-NT5 has Google Cast\u2122 built in so you can cast your favorite music apps from your personal device to your speakers. Simply tap the cast button in a music app on your Android phone or tablet iPhone iPad Mac Windows laptop or Chromebook and select a speaker or group of speakers to get started.\n\u2022 Set your music free with Multi-room listening",
    "videoid": "69863163",
    "date_created": "1464883398",
    "date_modified": "1476382344",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-black-2-1-channel-4k-high-resolution-wireless-sound-bar-system-htnt5-overview\/69863163"
}