{
    "title": "Sony Over-Ear Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones MDR-XB650BT\/B - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Black Over-Ear Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones - MDR-XB650BT\/B http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98677\/Sony-Black-Over-Ear-Extra-Bass-Bluetooth-Headphones-MDRXB650BTB.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MDRXB650BTB_20160726\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 EXTRA BASS for deep punchy sound\n\u2022 One-touch listening with Bluetooth and NFC\n\u2022 1.18 in neodymium driver unit exclusive to EXTRA BASS\n\u2022 Up to 30 hours of battery life\n\u2022 Swivel ear cups for easy portability\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Neodymium dynamic drivers deliver precise sound \nLightweight 1.18 in neodymium dynamic driver units enable the headphones to deliver a punchy rhythmic response to even the most demanding track. Combined with a highly sensitive diaphragm youll be able to turn the headphones up louder and still enjoy clear precise audio across the spectrum\n\u2022 NFC One-touch for instant connectivity \nNear Field Communication (NFC) and Bluetooth technology remove the need for wired connections and complex setup sequences. Simply touch your NFC-enabled device to the headphones for a quick seamless connection then start streaming your music collection. No NFC? No problem. Connect by Bluetooth and youre ready to go\n\u2022 EXTRA BASS\u2122 for deep punchy sound \nAs part of the EXTRA BASS product range from Sony these headphones are ideal for listening to EDM and other bass-heavy music genres. They feature Bass Booster technology that provides an acoustically-tight seal for superior sound isolation deep bass sound and tight bass response\n\u2022 Swivel design for easy packing \nThe headphones swiveling ear cup design enables easy storage when youre not using them and enhances portability when youre traveling. The ear cups swivel flat so you can pack them into a suitcase or a bag without worrying about them taking up too much valuable space\n\u2022 Cushioned ear pads for total comfort \nListen in total comfort. These headphones have a self-adjusting headband and soft cushioned ear cups that cover the whole ear. Enjoy the long-lasting comfort you need for listening to your favorite albums back-to-back\n\u2022 Built-in mic for hands-free calls \nA built-in button and mic on the headband enables you to take hands-free calls from selected smartphones while listening to music. Switch easily between songs and calls with no need to remove your headphones\n\u2022 Long battery life for non-stop listening \nA charge of around 4 hours will enable you to enjoy approximately 30 hours play time. So you can keep on listening track after track mix after mix",
    "videoid": "69863112",
    "date_created": "1469566356",
    "date_modified": "1482342371",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-over-ear-extra-bass-bluetooth-headphones-mdr-xb650bt-b-overview\/69863112"
}