{
    "title": "Coffee or Any Hot Beverage - A Day In Life Of A Brew Express",
    "description": "Brew Express can be used all day for many types of brewing. Consumers make tea, hot chocolate, soup, coffee, and other hot beverages that are made with hot water. Brew Express is a All-In-One product that makes brewing for any beverage convenient and enjoyable. Day-In-The-Life-Of-Brew Express shows how a family enjoys using Brew Express throughout the day. Making coffee or any hot beverage everyday can be a daily mess for many households. Consumers have been struggling with having to fill their coffee maker or heat water and it seems to be a task no one likes. Ice makers are like automatic coffee makers, because they self-fill with water, and the consumer no longer has to fill their ice trays. Most automatic coffee makers are only available in commercial coffee makers that are very large and very expensive. The Brew Express coffee maker offers both a built-in and counter-top coffee maker that self-fills, and gives the consumers ultimate convenience. Brew Express allows the consumer to enjoy brewing options for making a single cup, half carafe, or full carafe of coffee. The consumer no longer needs to buy individual single cup coffee maker and a 10 cup coffee maker, or use an instant hot, tea kettle, or microwave to heat water, because Brew Express gives the user the option to make coffee or hot water by the cup or the carafe in one machine. Because of Brew Express's design without a reservoir to fill, its small size makes it a space-saving coffee maker. Brew Express has received multiple reviews, and consumers can enjoy the best cup of coffee all at the \"push of a button\". Now consumers can enjoy a clutter free counter-top, and use one product for making tea, making hot chocolate, or any other hot beverage including their favorite hot coffee.Enjoy any hot beverage or coffee all at the push of a button. Brew Express is a space-saving and self-filling coffee system. See how Brew Express makes \"Life Made Simple\".",
    "videoid": "117415479",
    "date_created": "1332355404",
    "date_modified": "1505164405",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/coffee-or-any-hot-beverage-a-day-in-life-of-a-brew-express\/117415479"
}