{
    "title": "Wolf 24\" Stainless Steel Coffee System EC24\/S - Overview",
    "description": "Click HERE to Shop for the Wolf 24\" Coffee System at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/80390\/Wolf-24-Stainless-Steel-Coffee-System-EC24S.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=EC24S_20160426\n\nStriking stainless steel design. Strikingly delicious drinks \u2014 espresso, cappuccino, latte, macchiato, long or short coffee, even hot water for tea. Simply touch a couple of buttons and in seconds you'll be enjoying a professional-quality coffee drink, made your way. On top of that, the Wolf coffee system lets you easily customize the details of your drink, from temperature to strength to level of foam, to meet your personal definition of the \"perfect cup.\"\nYou'll also enjoy how hassle-free the Wolf coffee system is to own. It needs no plumbing connections, and it steam-cleans the milk nozzle with one push of a button; milk never enters the system's internal mechanisms.\nThe 24\" coffee system in stainless can be installed with a 24\" cup warming drawer to create an ultimate in-home coffee station, and coordinates beautifully with Wolf convection steam and microwave ovens of the same size. For ideal pairing with 30\" Wolf ovens, the 24\" coffee system in black (EC24\/B) should be purchased and customized with any of five accessory trim kits.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Make all your favorite coffee beverages \nWhat's your pleasure? Make long or short coffee, espresso, cappuccino, latte, or a macchiato in seconds. Even steam or froth milk for, say, a chai latte or the kids' hot chocolate.\n\u2022 Coffee, made to size \nSelect the size you want from four pushbutton presets, everything from a one-ounce espresso shot to a 12-ounce coffee. Unique sizes (up to 7 oz.) can be programmed and saved using the customizable \"My Coffee\" setting.\n\u2022 Strength, to your taste\nWhen brewing from whole bean coffee, five strength settings from extra-mild to extra-strong give you precisely the flavor you prefer at any selected size.\n\u2022 No plumbing needed \nUnlike units that must be connected to a water line, the Wolf coffee system can be installed anywhere without additional plumbing. The easily accessible water reservoir holds 60.9 fluid oz. (1.8 liters), enough for several drinks between refills.\n\u2022 Easy to clean \nUnlike coffee systems that pipe milk through the internal mechanism, the Wolf system cleans with pushbutton ease. Rinse the brew head, or clean the milk spout with a jet of steam. It's all done in seconds. The milk carafe is dishwasher safe, too.\n\u2022 Uses whole-bean and pre-ground coffee \nThe machine holds a generous supply of whole-bean coffee \u2014 about half a pound \u2014 and grinds it automatically to make your drink. It can brew single-cups from pre-ground coffee, too, so you can have your breakfast blend even when the bean reservoir is full of espresso roast.\n\u2022 Adjustable built-in stainless steel burr grinder\nThirteen grind settings allow you to customize your whole-bean coffee for the taste and body you prefer.\n\u2022 Removable milk carafe for freshness and convenience\nThe dishwasher-safe carafe plugs into the machine to make milk drinks, then can go right in the refrigerator to keep milk fresh. Milk is steamed and frothed without passing through the system's internal components. That makes cleaning infinitely easier.\n\u2022 Hot water on demand \u2014 tea, anyone? \nTea, hot chocolate, oatmeal, you name it. The system can deliver up to 14 ounces of hot water with the push of a button. How hot? That's up to you. The temperature is adjustable. Push-button control panel Brewing the drink you want at the size and with the taste you want is as easy as pressing a few buttons. The bright LCD control panel provides clear information.\n\u2022 Programmable start time and auto off \nProgram a time for the system to turn on and warm up automatically, it will be ready to brew when you're ready to enjoy. For safety and energy efficiency, the system powers down after a set period of inactivity.\n\u2022 More enjoying, less cleaning\nAfter the system prepares a coffee drink, it ejects the compressed grounds into a container, then lets you know when the container is ready to be emptied. Meanwhile, a removable drip tray catches excess water from brewing and rinsing. Simply rinse it out just as you would your coffee cup.\n\u2022 Built into cabinetry, works like a drawer \nDesigned to be built seamlessly into your kitchen cabinetry, the Wolf coffee system has an ingenious feature: glide rails that enable you to slide the unit out from the wall for easy access to the whole-bean and ground coffee reservoirs. It's like opening a drawer.\n\u2022 Supplies are in reach but out of sight \nPull the unit out on its glide rails to access handy integrated storage trays where you can keep bags of coffee, bottles of flavored syrup, and other supplies at the ready.\n\u2022 Auto-descale reminders\nMinerals from water naturally build up on heating surfaces and reduce efficiency. The Wolf coffee system is engineered to monitor this and let you kn",
    "videoid": "69863221",
    "date_created": "1461674804",
    "date_modified": "1476376547",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/wolf-24-stainless-steel-coffee-system-ec24-s-overview\/69863221"
}