{
    "title": "Product Tour: KitchenAid 30\" Black Stainless Freestanding Gas Range - KFGG500EBS",
    "description": "KitchenAid 30\" Black Stainless Steel Freestanding Gas Range - KFGG500EBS\n\nThis beautiful gas freestanding range produces flawless cooking results with Even-Heat\u2122 True Convection. The unique bow-tie design and convection fan ensure the inside of the entire oven is heated to, and stays at, the perfect temperature. The oven is 5.8 cu ft., providing a large capacity that's perfect for preparing multiple dishes at once. The cooktop has 5 burners ranging from 5,000 to 19,000 BTU, letting you go from a rolling boil to a delicate simmer.\n\nFeatures:\n\nEven-Heat\u2122 True Convection\u00a0\nProduces flawless results. The unique bow-tie design and convection fan ensure the inside of the entire oven is heated to, and stays at, the perfect temperature\n\n5.8 Cu. Ft. Oven Capacity\u00a0\nProvides more room to cook large quantities or multiple dishes at once\n\nProfessionally-Inspired Design\u00a0\nCombines a bold blend of professionally-inspired styling with sleek touches for the home. This range features Satin Textured Handles and the KitchenAid\u00ae Badge, a symbol of uncompromised quality\n\n5 Burners (5k, 8k, 9.5k, 15k and 18k)\u00a0\nProvides the perfect range of cooking power from 5,000 to19,000 BTU, so you can go from a rolling boil to a delicate simmer\n\nEasyConvect\u2122 Conversion System\nTakes guesswork out of convection cooking by ensuring you can get exceptional results when experimenting with new or familiar recipes\n\nAqualift\u00ae\u00a0\nCleans your oven in less than an hour without odors and at a temperature below 200\u00b0F. This innovative system combines low heat with water to release baked-on spills\n\nStorage Drawer\u00a0\nAdds additional storage space that's perfect for pots, pans and baking sheets\n\nHidden Bake\u00a0\nCovers up the baking element, making it easier to wipe away spills",
    "videoid": "130145640",
    "date_created": "1511208277",
    "date_modified": "1511210743",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/product-tour-kitchenaid-30-black-stainless-freestanding-gas-range-kfgg500ebs\/130145640"
}