{
    "title": "Logitech Ultimate Ears Megaboom Bluetooth Speaker - Overview",
    "description": "Logitech Ultimate Ears Plum Megaboom Bluetooth Speaker - 984-000490 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/92724\/Logitech-984000490.html\n\nExperience a bass like no other with the new Logitech Ultimate Ears Plum Megaboom Bluetooth Speaker \u2013 984-000490. By adding dual passive radiators performance drivers and advanced digital sound processing Logitech created one of the deepest basses provided by portable speakers. On top of that the new Ultimate Ears have been engineered to feature 360 degrees of sound in order to bring your music to every corner of the party. If you are wondering what makes these speakers portable the answer is Bluetooth connectivity. With Bluetooth you are able to connect up to two compatible devices to the Ultimate Ears. When it comes to durability this portable speaker offers a rugged and waterproof design which makes it ready to handle anything such as rolling down a mountain side into a river. If this isn\u2019t enough a rechargeable battery gives you up to 20 hours of battery life. Bring your music anywhere with the Logitech Ultimate Ears Speaker.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 360 Degree Sound\nUE MEGABOOM is a portable wireless speaker on steroids. Blast freakishly amazing 360-degree sound with deep heart-pounding bass\u2013everywhere you go\no 360 Degree Sound\nUE MEGABOOM is designed to blast the same freakishly amazing sound to every corner of the party. Its only a party when everyone is having a great time\no Deep Bass. Amazing Sound\nWith dual passive radiators performance drivers and advanced digital signal processing UE MEGABOOM drives loud rich clear and balanced sound that will sound awesome with any playlist\no Double Up\nWirelessly Double Up with a second UE MEGABOOM or UE BOOM and take your party to 11. Use the app to control the balance and to choose between Stereo or Double sound\n\u2022 Durability \nGo anywhere \u2013 start a rager anywhere. UE MEGABOOM is shock-proof waterproof (IPX7) and unbelievably light \u2013 under 2 pounds\no Designed For Spontaneity \nWhether youre dancing in the rain barreling down a mountain or just causing mischief with friends the durability and portability of UE MEGABOOM make it as spontaneous and crazy as you let it be\no IPX7-Rated Waterproof \nWhen we say UE MEGABOOM is waterproof we mean that when you knock it into the pool you might kill the party but you wont kill your UE MEGABOOM. Bring it in the shower. Take it to the beach. Discover your new favorite waterfall. Go get wet and crazy\no Rigorously Tested \nAt Ultimate Ears we love to try and break the things we build. And then to build them again \u2013 better. Its why our wireless speakers continue to set the bar with amazing sound extreme durability and life-resistance and so much more\n\u2022 Wireless \nBold iconic design; 100 ft Bluetooth wireless range; 20-hour rechargeable battery; Ultra-fast micro USB charging. We designed UE MEGABOOM to make your musical adventures awesome and easy. You bring the friends itll bring the music\no 100FT Wireless Range \nControl the party from up to 100 feet away. Or connect to two devices at once so you and a friend can take turns sharing music and playing DJ. Or take a break from the music with crystal clear speakerphone calls\no 20-Hour Battery Life\nUE MEGABOOM has a rechargeable lithium-ion battery that gives you up to 20 hours of non-stop music. Use our specially-designed ultra-fast micro USB charger and return to full power in as little as two and a half hours. Press the + and \u2013 buttons together at any time to see how much juice is left\no Bold Iconic Design\nAt Ultimate Ears we are extremely passionate about great sound and great design. All of our speakers are designed\u2013from the ground up\u2013to push the limits of what a portable wireless speaker can be and can do\n\u2022 App \nYoud never walk all the way to your TV to turn it on\/ off and you shouldnt have to with your wireless speaker either. Use the UE MEGABOOM app to control the party from afar and to unlock an expanding set of cool additional features like our musical alarm and fully customizable 5-band EQ\no Wake Up With Music \nStart last nights party all over again\u2013every morning. UE MEGABOOM wakes you up with your favorite songs Spotify playlists Pandora stations and more. Because the party never actually stops\u2013you just pass out\no Customizable Five-Band EQ \nUse the fully customizable five-band equalizer to custom-tune the sound so its just right for you. Need a little more bass? Done. More high and mids? No problem. You set it how you like it\n\u2022 Updates \nUE MEGABOOM gets better all the time through wireless over-the-air speaker updates\no A Living Learning Speaker \nNo cords to connect\u2013it just gets smarter. Think of it as a living learning speaker. The freakishly good wireless speaker of today and tomorrow\no Getting Better All The Time \nCall us greedy but we believe that the best things in life should just keep getting better. In the year-and-a-half since launching UE BOOM weve introduced improved volume controls and sensitivity our musical alarm th",
    "videoid": "69863744",
    "date_created": "1436992930",
    "date_modified": "1476915280",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/logitech-ultimate-ears-megaboom-bluetooth-speaker-overview\/69863744"
}