{
    "title": "Samsung Chef Collection 36\" Gas Cooktop - NA36M9750TM",
    "description": "Samsung Chef Collection 36\" Black Stainless Steel Gas Cooktop - NA36M9750TM\n\nCHEF COLLECTION\nIntroducing a new generation of kitchen appliances inspired by emotion, perfection and the know-how of the best renowned chefs. To make it come true, Samsung gathered a team of Michelin Starred Chefs from all over the world.\nAll together, these visionary creators have accepted to share their passion, their knowledge and their practical tips, for the development of a revolutionary range of new devices combining incredible premium design to unprecedented performance.\n\nThe 36\" cooktop from the Samsung Chef Collection is ideal for any serious home chef. This 36\" cooktop has 5 burners for cooking multiple dishes at once. slide on the cast iron griddle and cook your favorite breakfast foods or grilled sandwiches. Furthermore the 36\" cooktop has illuminated knobs for easy viewing to see if your cooktop is on or off. And if you forget to turn off your cooktop don't worry this 36\" cooktop from the Samsung Chef Collection is Bluetooth and Wi-Fi compatible. Use your smartphone to control your cooktop from anywhere in your house. Choose the Samsung Chef Collection for superior cooking ability.\n\n\nFeatures:\n\n22K BTU true dual\u00a0power burner\nWith two heat options, quickly boil water or maintain a simmer.\n\n\nBlue LED illuminated knobs\nDistinctive blue LED lights illuminate when the cooktop is in use.\n\n\nWi-Fi connectivity\nMonitor and control your cooktop or hood from anywhere.\u00a0\n\n\nBluetooth connected\nBluetooth automatically syncs fans and lights with cooktop burners.\n\n\nGriddle\nUse the griddle to cook breakfast foods, grill sandwiches or saut\u00e9 vegetables.\n\n\nWok Grate\nEasily accommodate a round bottom wok on the custom wok grate. Its circular design fits snug around the burner so that heat is quickly and evenly distributed. The custom wok grate is included with purchase.\n\n\n\nSpecifications:\n\n30\" cooktop\n\n5 Burners\n\n1-22K Dual Ring Brass PB\n\n1-13K PB, 29.5K\n\n1-5K Simmer\n\nIlluminated Knobs\n\nCast Iron Griddle\n\nWok Grate\n\nWIFI\n\n\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\nWidth:\u00a036\"\n\nDepth:\u00a022-1\/3\"\n\n\n\nWarranty Information:\n\nManufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer):\u00a0One Year Parts and Labor",
    "videoid": "140201427",
    "date_created": "1518013624",
    "date_modified": "1518014916",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-36in-gas-cooktop-na36m9750bss\/140201427"
}