{
    "title": "Belkin MixitUp Lightning To USB Leather Tassel F8J174BT06IN - Overview",
    "description": "Belkin MixitUp Lightning To USB Grey Leather Tassel - F8J174BT06INGRY\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/97653\/Belkin-F8J174BT06INGRY.html\n\nKey Features:\n\n2.4A charging cables\nBraided cables designed to complement tassel color\nCables concealed by tassel cords\nComplementing metal hardware\nTotal length approx. 7\nLeather\nEasily clips on to your bag purse or luggage\nProduct length 172mm with 118mm cable\nMade for iPhone\/ iPad\/ iPod\nFeatures:\n\nConnected With Fashion \nBeing prepared for anything should complement your sense of style not compromise it. THE MIXIT\u2191 Lightning-to-USB Leather Tassel puts your charger cable exactly where you need it: wherever you are. Hidden in plain sight as a chic accessory on your purse or overnight bag your cable stays tidy not tangled and ready to charge share music and pictures or simply connect wherever life takes you\nCompletely Portable\nHiding the colored cable within complementing Leather Tassels protects the connector heads when not in use. It also protects the tassels secret identity as a functional charging accessory\nStyle And Substance \nThis innovative on-trend charging accessory has been designed to complement your purse and your sense of style. Premium metallic cables have been tailored into Leather Tassels in four fashion-forward colors. Each features coordinating braided cables and complementary metal hardware. Clips easily onto your bag or purse for the perfect match\nOrganization \nTheres now no reason to leave home without your charger cable. The clever design means an end to messy tangled cables in your bag or purse",
    "videoid": "69863316",
    "date_created": "1455047176",
    "date_modified": "1476292866",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/belkin-mixitup-lightning-to-usb-leather-tassel-f8j174bt06in-overview\/69863316"
}