{
    "title": "Unboxing: Yamaha 5.1 Channel Black Network A\/V Receiver - RX-V481",
    "description": "Yamaha 5.1 Channel Black Network A\/V Receiver - RX-V481\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100630\/Yamaha-5.1-Channel-Black-Network-A-V-Receiver-RXV481.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RXV481_20160511\n\nConveniently access music wirelessly from a mobile device with built-in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi stream online music services and high-resolution audio files for high fidelity playback with MusicCast an application that delivers wireless multiroom audio on this 5.1-channel network AV receiver that has the latest 4K Ultra HD video technology.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 5.1-Channel surround sound\n\u2022 MusicCast wireless multiroom audio\n\u2022 Bluetooth to stream music from your mobile device\n\u2022 Compressed Music Enhancer and high-resolution audio support for sound clarity\n\u2022 Wi-Fi network streaming services\n\u2022 Download the AV Controller App to control your receiver via your mobile device\n\u2022 4K Ultra HD pass-through with HDCP 2.2 support\n\u2022 High dynamic range (HDR) and BT.2020 compatibility\n\u2022 MusicCast \nMultiroom audio. MusicCast makes it easy to bring music to every room in your home wirelessly with playback controlled by a simple app. Start with a MusicCast capable AV receiver in your main entertainment room for the ultimate home theater experience then add MusicCast speakers sound bars or Hi-Fi components in other rooms wirelessly\n\u2022 All Your Content \nEverything you can imagine. MusicCast allows you to access your digital music library streaming music services and Internet radio as well as Bluetooth sources your TV sound and external sources attached to your AV receiver such as a Blu-ray Disc\u2122 or CD player\n\u2022 Bluetooth \nPlay your favorite streaming service. This AV receiver is equipped with Bluetooth functionality to let you enjoy easy wireless music playback from smartphones and other devices. The Compressed Music Enhancer a digital sound processing technology from Yamaha is now optimized for Bluetooth audio transmissions to ensure that your music will have vivid lively sound quality during wireless playback\n\u2022 4K HDR and BT.2020 \nDarker blacks whiter whites and more vivid colors. This unit supports the latest HDMI standards thanks to the transmission of 4K video at 60 frames per second (pass-through only). Fully enjoy the high definition video quality of 4K without degradation along with HDCP 2.2 that fully complies with the latest copyright protection a standard for 4K video transmission. It also supports the wider color gamut of BT.2020 pass-through\n\u2022 HDMI with 3D and Audio Support \nSee and hear 3D. This AV receiver supports 3D video. Additionally the Audio Return Channel function enables audio to be sent and received via the same HDMI cable so you can hear the sound from the TV via a single HDMI cable\n\u2022 HDMI CEC \nMore controllability. Another benefit of HDMI is the availability of CEC functionality. When the unit is connected to a CEC compatible TV it will turn on and off together with the TV and you can use the TV remote to control the volume. CEC also provides advanced functionality with other components. For example you can use the AV receiver remote to control player functions like skip and stop\no All connected devices must be HDMI CEC compatible. Some CEC compatible TVs\/players may not work\n\u2022 Network Functions \nAccess more. This AV receiver provides a variety of network functions that enable you to access more sources and also enhance operation. You can connect the AV receiver to your home network or internet to enjoy Internet radio Spotify Pandora or music stored on a NAS and home PC. The AV Controller App (from iTunes or Google Play) lets you control various functions from your iPod iPhone iPad or Android\u2122 phones\/tablets\n\u2022 Wi-Fi Compatible \nStream simply. Built-in Wi-Fi allows for a connection with your wireless router greatly simplifying system connections for enjoying networked audio (PC\/NAS) and music streaming services. If a Wi-Fi router is not available the unique Wireless Direct feature not only allows you to stream music directly from your smartphone or tablet via the AV Controller App AirPlay etc. but also allows for control of the AV receiver as well\n\u2022 AirPlay\niCompatible. This AV receiver supports AirPlay which means it can accept wireless music streaming from iPod iPhone iPad as well as from iTunes on a Mac or PC. This makes it easy to enjoy music from your mobile device or computer through your home theater system. You can view metadata such as song title artist name as well as album art inside the AV receivers on-screen display\n\u2022 Spotify Connect \nMillions of songs. With the Spotify app on your smartphone you have instant access to millions of songs. Now you can stream those songs to your networked Yamaha AV receiver by using Spotify Connect. Just hit play to start streaming music. When you listen to Spotify outside on your smartphone or tablet and come inside the song immediately streams to your Yamaha AV receiver allowing no interruption to your music playback.",
    "videoid": "69863191",
    "date_created": "1462968854",
    "date_modified": "1476379674",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-yamaha-5-1-channel-black-network-a-v-receiver-rx-v481\/69863191"
}