{
    "title": "Jabra FREEWAY Bluetooth Speaker Overview",
    "description": "Buy Jabra FREEWAY Bluetooth Speaker Model 1004600000002 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/68585\/Jabra-1004600000002308999.html\n\nThe new Jabra FREEWAY in-car speakerphone makes hands-free calls sound better than ever and makes controlling them effortless. It is the first in-car speakerphone to have a 3 speaker stereo system and Virtual Surround sound which makes the audio crisper clearer and more vibrant than ever before. And with its dual mic technology you can say goodbye to unwanted background noise. The Jabra FREEWAY is extraordinarily easy to operate. Thats because with the Jabra FREEWAY voices are in control. To start with voice guidance will talk you through setup and pairing. After that it will announce the name of the incoming callers ask if you want to accept their calls and will tell you battery level and connection status. You then simply use your own voice to make answer end redial or reject calls -while keeping both hands safely on the wheel. If you use two mobile phones dont worry. The Jabra FREEWAY will pair with both simultaneously. And there is no need to press buttons to turn the Jabra FREEWAY on or off. It automatically turns on when you get into your car and off when you get out.\nFeatures\n\u2022 Industry leading rich and crisp sound with 3 speakers and Virtual Surround Sound\n\u2022 Keep your conversations clear with an acoustically optimized design featuring dual microphones echo and wind noise cancellation\n\u2022 Turns on and off automatically using the built-in motion sensor\n\u2022 Use your voice to make and take calls completely hands-free\n\u2022 Voice guidance talks you through setup. Tells you when you are connected and how much battery you have left\n\u2022 Tells you who is calling using PBAP\n Phone dependent\n\u2022 Easy to install. Pair to your phone and place on your sun visor\n\u2022 Connect it to your car radio with the FM transmitter and listen to your music and calls through your car stereo\n\u2022 Stream music podcasts and hear turn-by-turn directions wirelessly from your phone using A2DP\n\u2022 Control your music player using AVRCP remote controls\n\u2022 Connect and use 2 mobile devices at the same time\n\u2022 Dedicated mute button on\/off switch and large easy to access volume controls\n\u2022 Firmware updates and additional languages available for download at Jabra.com\n\u2022 In-car cigarette lighter adapter charger with disconnectable USB cable so you can also charge it from your PC",
    "videoid": "69864467",
    "date_created": "1405004820",
    "date_modified": "1477504001",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/jabra-freeway-bluetooth-speaker-overview\/69864467"
}