{
    "title": "Klipsch Capitol Heresy Series III",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the brand new Klipsch Heresy series 3 speaker.  This particular model is the Capitol version they did in collaboration with Capitol Records.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/112603\/Klipsch-Capitol-Heresy-III-Special-Edition-Ebony-Floorstanding-Speaker-1064246.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=HERESYCAPITOL%20_20170710 \n\nFeatures:\n- Recording Legend:\nThe Capitol Records label was founded as the first West Coast-based record label in the United States in 1942. Throughout the years, Capitol has captured some of the most influential, iconic singers and songwriters ever. Artists currently signed to Capitol Records include the Beatles, Paul McCartney, Mary J. Blige, the Beach Boys, Beastie Boys, Neil Diamond, Eagles, Katy Perry and many more\n\n- Special Edition Finishes: \nThis Heresy III special edition model is being offered in an ebony finish with salt & pepper grille cloth and a blonde cherry finish and tan grille cloth. A co-branded Klipsch and Capitol Records logo will be attached to each grille, and the back of each speaker will feature a special edition plaque that will be hand-signed by the craftsmen\n\n- Designed And Made In The U.S.A Using Domestic And Imported Components:\nThe Klipsch Capitol Heresy III speaker is a testament to the quality that Klipsch demands from each and every one of its audio products. Remember great sound? We do, too. The Klipsch Capitol Heresy III enclosure is still made in the USA, by proud craftsmen in Hope, Arkansas. Just like Paul W. Klipsch (PWK) intended\n\n- Compact, Three-Way Loudspeaker: \nThe Heresy was originally introduced in 1957 as a compact three-way design utilizing a 12\" woofer and horn-loaded midrange and tweeter. In 2006, the Heresy III was upgraded with a more powerful woofer, bi-wire network, as well as midrange and tweeter compression drivers, featuring a titanium diaphragm for smooth and accurate definition\n\n- Book-Matched Wood Veneer:\nKlipsch only uses book-matched wood veneers for the Heritage series. The veneer leaves are kept in order as they are delicately sliced from the timber and precisely arranged to provide a mirror image at the splice joint \u2013 like turning the pages of a book. This gives each speaker an aesthetically appealing and consistent appearance that is treasured more than any other cut of wood veneer\n\n- Matched Pairs: \nEach pair of Heritage Series loudspeakers are grain-matched using wood veneer panels that come from the same timber. Each cabinet is carefully matched so that each speaker in the pair is practically indistinguishable from the other. The speakers move seamlessly together through the factory. Each finished product is inspected and labeled with sequential serial numbers, ensuring that the Heritage series speakers leave the factory as a meticulously crafted set",
    "videoid": "104176014",
    "date_created": "1499689957",
    "date_modified": "1499704786",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/klipsch-capitol-heresy-series-iii\/104176014"
}