{
    "title": "Ultimate Ears Bluetooth Speaker 984-000555 - Overview",
    "description": "Ultimate Ears GreenMachine Bluetooth Speaker - 984-000555\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98205\/Ultimate-Ears-984000555.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=UEBOOM2GREEN_20160223\n\nMaybe you\u2019re trying to start a spontaneous dance party or maybe you\u2019re solving mysteries with your three closest friends (and your dog). Either way let the GreenMachine UE BOOM 2 be the vehicle for your next adventure.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Insanely Great Sound\nUE BOOM 2 is the 360-degree wireless Bluetooth speaker that blasts loud insanely great sound with deep powerful bass. Everywhere you go.\no Music Everywhere\nUE BOOM 2 blasts loud insanely great sound with deep powerful bass in every direction.\no Double Up\nMore friends crash the party? Wirelessly Double Up with a second UE speaker to make things even more epic.\n\u2022 Have Music Will Travel\nUE BOOM 2 was designed to live. To see the world. To get wet muddy covered in snow and beat up\u2013but to always be awesome.\no Hand-Washable\nLife is more fun when it\u2019s messy \u2013 so go ahead get your UE BOOM 2 wet and muddy and then just rinse with warm soapy water.\no Push The Limits\nUE BOOM 2 lets you play music from up to 100 feet away while the rechargeable battery gives you up to 15 hours of non-stop music.\n\u2022 Designed For You\nUE BOOM 2 brings the party wherever it goes and also looks damn good doing it. Unique speakers for unique people.\no Bold Yet Beautiful\nFinally a speaker that has a personality as colorful as yours. Intense vivid hues brighten up any adventure.\no Uniquely Designed\nSpontaneous and surprising our custom and artist editions feature bold designs from the hottest artists in the world. Insanely great sound with insanely great art.\no Tough & Sexy\nUE BOOM 2 is crafted from the sexiest and most uninhibited premium materials in the known universe. Tough resilient and absolutely stunning.\n\u2022 The App Is Awesome\nUse the UE BOOM 2 app to control the party from afar. Easy wireless updates give you access to awesome features like Tap Controls Block Party and more.\no Gets Better With Time\nUnlock new features through the app and your UE BOOM 2 gets better and more fun over time. Use your app to download the latest features like the Alarm Remote On\/Off Tap Controls and more.\no Tap To Play\nControl the party from afar. Tap the top of UE BOOM 2 once to play or pause a song and twice to skip songs. Welcome to the future.\no Block Party\nStart a Block Party! Grab two friends and use any music service to share songs and play DJ all night long.",
    "videoid": "69863297",
    "date_created": "1456255585",
    "date_modified": "1476295453",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ultimate-ears-bluetooth-speaker-984-000555-overview\/69863297"
}