{
    "title": "Samsung 22 Cu. Ft. Side By Side Food ShowCase Refrigerator RH22H9010SS Overview",
    "description": "Buy Samsung 22 Cu Ft Stainless Steel Side By Side Food ShowCase Refrigerator - RH22H9010SS - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/79090\/Samsung-RH22H9010SRAA.html\nShop All Side-by-Side Refrigerators - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/117\/Side-by-Side-Refrigerators.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Food ShowCase The Samsung Food ShowCase refrigerator provides easy access to on-the-go items. The exterior showcase gives you instant access to drinks and condiments while the InnerCase lets you store large fresh food items. Perfect for frequently used items this refrigerator lets you easily organize your food by type or family member.\n\u2022 Metal Cooling Metal Cooling locks in cold and seals in freshness. The stainless steel paneling helps maintain consistent temperature throughout the refrigerator.\n\u2022 Counter Depth Our 22 cu. ft. capacity Side-by-Side refrigerator has enough room to fit up to 22 bags of groceries. The stylish counter-depth design allows for more workable space in the kitchen.\n\u2022 High-Efficiency LED Lighting LED lighting gently brightens virtually every corner of your refrigerator so you're able to quickly spot what you want. Plus it emits less heat and is more energy-efficient than conventional lighting. The sleek design saves more space than traditional incandescent light bulbs.\n\u2022 Automatic In-Door Ice Maker Our automatic in-door ice maker maximizes freezer space leaving more room for frozen foods and offers convenient access to ice right inside the door. It can produce up to 4.4lbs of ice per day and stores up to 5.5lbs of ice.\n\u2022 Adjustable Shelf Designed to fit taller items with ease you can use this three-way shelf for all your storage needs. Use it as a standard shelf slide-in for more space or flip-up for even more storage space.\n\u2022 LED Display with Water and Ice Dispenser An external Ice Blue Digital Display allows you to easily control settings at the touch of a button. The Samsung Ice and Water dispenser provides a uniquely-tall opening so pitchers and tall decorative glasses can be filled quickly and easily. The external ice and water dispenser also serves as a filter ensuring that plenty of filtered water crushed ice and cubed ice is always on hand.\n\u2022 ENERGY STAR Rated ENERGY STAR rated products meet strict energy efficiency specifications set by the government. This Samsung refrigerator not only meets ENERGY STAR requirements it exceeds them.",
    "videoid": "69864521",
    "date_created": "1399648919",
    "date_modified": "1477509886",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-22-cu-ft-side-by-side-food-showcase-refrigerator-rh22h9010ss-overview\/69864521"
}