{
    "title": "Samsung Black Stainless Steel Over-The-Range Microwave ME18H704SFG\/AA - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung Black Stainless Steel Over-The-Range Microwave - ME18H704SFG\/AA\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94938\/Samsung-ME18H704SFGAA.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=ME18H704BSS_20160223\n\nThe durable Ceramic Enamel Interior provides a polished surface thats easy to maintain. You can effortlessly remove grease or oil from surfaces. Plus this interior is more scratch and stain resistant than plastic or stainless steel.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Ceramic Enamel Interior\nThe durable Ceramic Enamel Interior provides a polished surface thats easy to maintain. You can effortlessly remove grease or oil from surfaces. Plus this interior is more scratch and stain resistant than plastic or stainless steel.\n\u2022 Sensor Cooking Options\nWhether it\u2019s the soup you just bought last night\u2019s leftover pasta or a frozen dinner Sensor Cook does the thinking for you so that you get optimally heated results every time.\n\u2022 Simple Clean Filter\nConvenient easy-to-access location is simple to eject with one touch. Plus the reusable filter is easily washable with mild soap and water. Regular cleaning is necessary to maintain optimal microwave performance.\n\u2022 1.8 cu. ft. Capacity\nThe 1.8 cu. ft. capacity of this microwave accommodates a variety of large platters and dishes which typically do not fit in the average mid-size 1.5 cu. ft. microwave.\n\u2022 4-Speed\/400 CFM\nThe underside of the H704 over-the-range microwave features a powerful ventilation system that quickly and quietly eliminates steam fumes and odors from the kitchen. The nearly silent system clears the air with 400 cubic feet per minute of turbo ventilation.\n\u2022 Digital LED Display \nSee things more clearly on the new Samsung over-the-range. With a large LED display settings and timing are clearly visible for greater cooking convenience. The digital displays striking ice blue color provides a stylish accent to enhance any kitchen interior.\n\u2022 Cooking Presets\nA variety of preset cooking options puts convenient meals with fresh ingredients at your fingertips. Choose from 9 pre-set cook modes on this Samsung over-the-range microwave for optimally cooked homemade dishes - from green beans to brown rice boneless chicken to salmon fillets - that are healthly and full of flavor.\n\u2022 Eco Mode\nEven at rest conventional over-the-range microwaves use power to maintain essential functions. Our Eco Mode button conserves power by turning off the display when not in use and is more convenient than unplugging the microwave when not in use.\n\u2022 Turntable On\/Off\nThe new Samsung H704 over-the-range microwave offers the option to disable the turntable for the ability to utilize the entire interior space to accommodate larger square-shaped dishes.\n\u2022 Convenience\no Clock (12hr\/24hr) with Daylight Savings Time Adjustment\no Kitchen Time\no End Signal\no Interior Light: Halogen (1)\no Cooktop Lighting (Halogen): High\/Low\/Off\no Vent Fan Control: On\/Off\/Delay Off\no Child Safety Lock\no Sound On\/Off\no Eco Mode (Reduces Standby Power)",
    "videoid": "69863299",
    "date_created": "1456234874",
    "date_modified": "1485201853",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-black-stainless-steel-over-the-range-microwave-me18h704sfg-aa-overview\/69863299"
}