{
    "title": "Dacor Renaissance 6 Burner 48\" Gas Range RNRP48GS\/NG - Overview",
    "description": "Shop for the Dacor Renaissance 48\" Freestanding Gas Range at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/89981\/Dacor-Renaissance-48-Stainless-Steel-Freestanding-Gas-Range-RNRP48GSNG.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RNRP48GSNG_20160909\n\nTrue simmer DualStacked burners on top. Three-part convection cooking inside. And its self cleaning. Discover the cooking features youd expect from Dacor. From SoftShut hinges that never allow your oven door to slam to the self-cleaning oven cell that makes clean up a breeze. Youll also find a chefs list of must-haves including burners that reach way down to 800 BTUs for a truly controlled simmer and up to 18000 BTUs for a moisture-sealing sear. As well as a large window that provides a clear view of the generously designed oven compartment which comfortably accommodates commercial-sized baking sheets and pans. The superbly engineered and designed Dacor Renaissance Gas Range is a handsomely full-featured masterpiece of cooking perfection. Right down to the cleanup.\n\nFeatures:\n\n- Illumina\u2122 Oven and Burner controls with new ProGrip\u2122 design and stainless finish glow Dacors signature flame-blue\u2122 to always let you know when a burner is on\n- LED Illuminated Light and Fan Indicators in Stainless Steel\n- SoftShut\u2122 Hinges pull the door softly closed to prevent slamming\n- 5.2 cubic feet oven cell capacity to accommodate large dishes meals and commercial baking pans (2.8 cubic feet in 18 oven cell)\n- Three-Part Convection System with fan air baffle and convection filter\n- Infrared Ceramic Broil Gas Burner (18000 BTU large oven cell\/13000 BTU small oven cell)\n- Hidden Stainless Steel Bake Burner (24000 BTU large oven cell\/15000 BTU small oven cell)\nSelf-Cleaning oven\n- 2 GlideRacks\u2122 and 1 chrome rack. GlideRacks fully extend out of the oven using a smooth gliding ball bearing system for moving heavier dishes in and out of the oven easily. GlideRacks and chrome racks are equipped with a convenient handle in front for a secure grasp\n- Brass Burners and Valves for superior efficiency reliability and longevity\n- SimmerSear\u2122 Burners provide up to 18000 BTUs for searing to perfection and achieve ultra-low temperatures for simmering and melting without any scorching\n- High Performance Dual-Stacked Burners provide more control at low temperatures to melt without scorching and achieve a true simmer on every burner\n\nBurner Configuration (96000 Total BTUs):\n- 2 SimmerSearTM Burners with Melting Feature (800-18000 BTUs)\n- 4 High Performance Sealed Gas Burners with True Simmer (800-15000 BTUs)\n\n- Sealed burners and porcelain enameled spill basin for easy clean up\n\nExclusive Extra Wide Continuous Platform Grates provide one of the larges usable cooking surfaces and allow extra large pots and pans to be moved effortlessly from burner to burner:\n- 3 14 Wide Continuous platform Grates\n\n- Perma-Flame\u2122 Technology automatically re-ignites a flame for continuous heating and uninterrupted cooking should a burner unexpectedly go out\n- Exclusive SmartFlame\u2122 Technology reduces flame contact with grate to prevent grate discoloration and increase longevity\n- New Professional Design enhances the contemporary kitchen with a near cabinet-depth fit\n- Interchangeable Accessories included - Wok Ring and Griddle\n- Ships with both brass and black burner caps\n- 3 standard backguard on all models optional 9 backguard available\n- Designed and Manufactured in California USA\n\nSpecifications:\n\n- Capacity: 5.2 Cu Ft. (Large Cell) \/ 2.8 Cu. Ft. (Small Cell)\n- Electrical: 120V 15A\n- Gas Supply: 1\/2 to 3\/4 adapter connected to Regulator\n\nApproximate Dimensions:\n\n- Height: 36.1875 - 37.5\n- Width: 47.875\n- Depth (To Front Of Door): 26\n\nApproximate Weight:\n\n- Shipping: 500 lbs\n\nWarranty Information:\n\n- Manufacturer Warranty (authorized online retailer): One Year Parts and Labor",
    "videoid": "69863061",
    "date_created": "1473440735",
    "date_modified": "1476388942",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dacor-renaissance-6-burner-48-gas-range-rnrp48gs-ng-overview\/69863061"
}