{
    "title": "Martin Logan Motion Vision X Black Sound Bar Speaker MOSBDX - Overview",
    "description": "Martin Logan Motion Vision X Black Sound Bar Speaker - MOSBDX http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95699\/Martin-Logan-Motion-Vision-X-Black-Sound-Bar-Speaker-MOSBDX.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MOSBDX_20160630\n\nIntroducing the Motion Vision X with DTS Play-Fi technology. Play-Fi delivers listeners the freedom and flexibility to stream high-res music wirelessly over your existing Wi-Fi network. Also Play-Fi is an open platform so you can mix and match any DTS Play-Fi enabled speaker. Like the first generation Motion Vision soundbar Motion Vision X delivers 5-channel surround sound from a sleek and sculptural all-in-one system thats stylish yet unobtrusive simple to install and easy to operate. Three advanced-resolution Folded Motion\u2122 tweeters four 4-inch high-performance woofers and seven dedicated amplifiers deliver 100 watts of total system power.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Wireless Connectivity with DTS Play-Fi \nThe Motion Vision X raises the bar again! Utilizing DTS Play-Fi technology the Vision X provides listeners the freedom and flexibility to stream their high-resolution music (up to 24- bit\/192kHz) wirelessly over an existing Wi-Fi network to any number of connected speakers that utilize DTS Play-Fi technology once paired with the Play-Fi App. Unlike many wireless platforms DTS Play-Fi is an open platform meaning listeners are able to mix and match any DTS Play-Fi-enabled audio products from a selection of top audio brands. Listeners can take advantage of endless choices from their own music libraries to online music streaming services like Tidal Spotify Rdio Songza Pandora and many more. And they can stream their music from virtually any device \u2013 Android iOS Kindle Fire or PC\n\u2022 Sculptural Aesthetics with Dominating Sonic Performance \nThe Motion Vision X was engineered with a commanding bass performance paired with precisely etched mid- and high-frequencies creating a vivid three-dimensional soundstage. Advanced digital signal processing (DSP) technology and industry leading surround sound decoding allow MartinLogan to replace five separate home theater speakers with a one piece solution that reproduces multi-channel recordings with unflinching accuracy resolution and detail\u2014the inspiration behind every MartinLogan design. Motion Vision X delivers front left\/right and center channels via dedicated Folded Motion tweeters and high-performance woofers and simulates rear left\/right effects channels to create fully immersive five-channel surround sound throughout the listening environment. Dual rear-firing bass ports reinforce the bass extension for astonishingly deep bass and can be adjusted plus or minus 10dB to custom tailor bass performance. For bass aficionados who desire the deepest bass experience the built-in SWT-2 transmitter allows at the touch of a button the addition of a compatible wireless MartinLogan subwoofer. For those who desire a non-wireless subwoofer Motion Vision X offers simple wired connectivity. The Motion Vision X also received a cosmetic upgrade from MartinLogans dedicated in-house design and engineering team\u2014the luscious high-gloss piano black sculpture with the visually unobtrusive design remains but a clear anodized brushed aluminum metal accent was added to the new and improved 5-button on-board navigation panel\u2014better functionality with a welcome modern touch. The new full size extruded black-aluminum remote is an upgrade from the credit card remote included with the previous generation. Also a new slender wall bracket minimizes visibility when the soundbar is wall-mounted\n\u2022 Folded Motion\u2122 Tweeters \nFolded Motion Tweeters works by moving air (which creates sound) perpendicular to the folded ridges of the diaphragm similar to how an accordion works. This extremely low mass diaphragm squeezes air and requires almost 90 less excursion than the typical 1 dome tweeter which drastically minimizes distortion while providing a lightning fast response time. The increased surface area also provides a wide yet controlled sound dispersion to create a realistic and carefully etched sound stage\n\u2022 Hassle-Free Setup \nHooking up a 5-channel surround sound system can be daunting for anyone. Speaker placement wire routing amplifier selection and component connections add to the confusion and frustration. Motion Vision X offers a solution that takes the headache out of the equation by integrating all of the components necessary for an immersive surround speaker system into a single package. The Motion Vision X installs quickly and easily on a wall with the included mounting bracket or it can be placed on a shelf for an elegantly simple installation. Weve included a setting that optimizes sound for either scenario ensuring youll get the best sound regardless of location. The rear panel on the Motion Vision X has digital optical digital coaxial and analog stereo inputs that allow effortless hook-up of Blu-ray\/DVD\/CD players gaming consoles satellite receivers and other external sources.",
    "videoid": "69863137",
    "date_created": "1467288255",
    "date_modified": "1476384528",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/martin-logan-motion-vision-x-black-sound-bar-speaker-mosbdx-overview\/69863137"
}