{
    "title": "Sony h.ear on Wireless Noise Cancelling Headphones MDR100A - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Viridian Blue h.ear on Wireless NC Headphones  - MDR100ABN\/L http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98678\/Sony-Viridian-Blue-h.ear-on-Wireless-NC-Headphones-MDR100ABNL.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=MDR100ABNL_20160722\n\nJust you and your music \nNo distracting background noise. No annoying cables. Just pure authentic sound. Get ready to lose yourself in the music.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 High-Resolution Audio for uncompromising sound \nExperience digital music to the fullest with High-Resolution Audio. By capturing music at a higher rate than CD increasing both audio samples per second and the bit-rate accuracy of each sample High-Resolution Audio offers an uncompromised rendition of an artists music. Savor every breath and subtle movement for a truly emotional experience.\n\u2022 NFC One-touch for instant connectivity \nNear Field Communication (NFC) and Bluetooth technology remove the need for wired connections and complex set-up sequences. Simply touch your NFC-enabled device to the headphones for a quick seamless connection then start streaming your music collection. No NFC? No problem. Connect via Bluetooth and youre ready to go.\n\u2022 Digital Noise Cancelling for fewer distractions \nDigital Noise Canceling reduces a variety of ambient noise when listening to music. Two microphones built in to the headphones one outside and one inside the housing work with the digital noise canceling engine to cut out unwanted sound.\n\u2022 Dynamic HD drivers deliver authentic sound \n1.57 in High-Resolution compatible HD driver units reproduce frequencies up to 40 kHz and deliver a powerful responsive low range. The lightweight CCAW voice coils deliver a high-linearity response for stable true-to-source high frequencies.\n\u2022 Noise Cancelling AI adapts to your surroundings\nThe Automatic Noise Cancelling AI function constantly analyses the ambient sound and automatically selects the most effective Noise Cancelling mode.\n\u2022 Clear hands-free calling \nA built-in microphone and HD voice support enables you to conduct crisp clear hands-free calls.\n\u2022 LDAC\u2122: for the transmission of High-Resolution Audio content \nLDAC supports several transmission rates according to your wireless environment. It allows you to enjoy High-Resolution Audio content in exceptional sound quality near to High-Resolution Audio by transmitting at the maximum transfer rate: 990 kbps (approximately three times more data than conventional Bluetooth audio). LDAC provides an enhanced wireless listening experience for all your music the way the artist truly intended.\n\u2022 Carrying case \nWhen not in use keep your h.ear on Wireless NC headphones in the included carry case to protect them from knocks and scratches.\n\u2022 Beat Response Control\nBeat Response Control technology delivers a tight deep bass response making it perfect for low-end focused music styles. Acoustic port on the housing controls air flow for the low frequency range and optimizes diaphragm movement to enable more accurate reproduction of bass.",
    "channelid": "81333911",
    "videoid": "69863118",
    "date_created": "1469204767",
    "date_modified": "1482343310",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/sony-channel\/sony-h-ear-on-wireless-noise-cancelling-headphones-mdr100a-overview\/81333911-69863118"
}