{
    "title": "Power Plate Graphite Exercise Machine - MY7 Features",
    "description": "Buy MY7 now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/75414\/Power-Plate-MY7.html\nShop home gyms - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/2012\/Home-Gyms.html\n\nBenefits:\n\u2022 Increased muscle strength and power\n\u2022 Increased metabolism\n\u2022 Reduction of cellulite\n\u2022 More beautiful and tighter skin\n\u2022 Faster anabolic recovery and reduction of stress hormone\n\u2022 Improved core conditioning and stability\n\u2022 Natural elevation of Human Growth Hormone\n\u2022 Increased flexibility and muscle relaxation\n\u2022 Pain dampening\n\u2022 Increased blood circulation\n\u2022 Stimulation of bone growth and increased bone strength\n\u2022 Improved drainage of the lymphatic system\n\u2022 Minimal stress to tendons and joints\n\u2022 Avoidance of injuries and improved recovery\n\nWhats Included:\n\u2022 Instructions for Use\n\u2022 Power Cord\n\u2022 Hand Straps (set 2)\n\u2022 Rubber Mat\n\u2022 Dust Covers (column and platform)\n\u2022 proMOTION Handles\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Grade: Designed for home use\n\u2022 Color: Graphite\n\u2022 Power Supply: 100 - 240VAC 50 \/ 60Hz; Universal Voltage\n\u2022 Frequency Adjust: 1Hz increments\n\u2022 Maximum Load: 300lb \/ 136kg\n\u2022 User-friendly interactive display\n\u2022 Time: 0-9 minutes in 15 sec increments\n\u2022 Vibration: Tri-planar mostly vertical up to 40 times per second\n\u2022 Vertical Displacement: High \/ Low settings\n\u2022 PrecisionWave\u2122 Technology\n\u2022 DualSync\u2122 Twin Motors\n\nSafe And Easy:\n\u2022 The Power-Plate is effective\nLeading scientific research has shown that even after a short period of time both power and flexibility increases and metabolism and circulation are greatly improved\n\u2022 The Power-Plate is safe\nMany millions of acceleration minutes have already been safely \"absorbed\" on a world-wide scale without incident. Numerous research institutes have found Power-Plate a highly effective modality of training without negative side effects\n\u2022 The Power-Plate is easy\nThe exercises are simple and can be done by anyone without using heavy weights. Actual training time is short and effective\n\u2022 The Power-Plate is user friendly\nThe equipment doesn't take up a great deal of space and hardly needs any maintenance. Operation is simple\n\u2022 Power-Plate International\nPower Plate International is the market leader in the Acceleration Training field and is continuously developing this innovative training method. Stimulating and initiating scientific research is seen as a very important factor in this development. The Power-Plate may be found in sports training centers physiotherapy offices hospitals rehabilitation centers and beauty centers. Many high-profile athletes and celebrities have elected to train with the Power-Plate\n\u2022 Power-Plate\nThe combination of work family life and social activities can sometimes make regular trips to the gym hard to schedule. And of course not everyone feels completely at ease in such surroundings. Thankfully this is now a thing of the past due to the development of the Power-Plate my5 for use in the comfort of your own home. This state-of-the-art machine allows you to train whenever it suits your needs\nHow It Works:\n\u2022 A platform generates vibration which is then transferred to the body and the muscles causing them to contract in a reflex. This also stimulates circulation tremendously. Tendons are stretched and even deep-lying muscles such as the pelvic floor muscles the muscles around the spinal column and in the face are reinforced by this reflex activation. Without using additional weights and without having to put any additional strain on the body the team of Power-Plate experts have developed several training schedules enabling everyone to improve their looks health and general well-being. Anyone can use the Power-Plate whether top athletes untrained elderly or overweight",
    "videoid": "69864756",
    "date_created": "1388158910",
    "date_modified": "1477615858",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/power-plate-graphite-exercise-machine-my7-features\/69864756"
}