{
    "title": "CardioHIIT Trainer Pro by ProForm",
    "description": "Activate More Muscles.: Burn More Calories. \nFeel the burn when you step up on the CarioHIIT Trainer. HIIT, or High Intensity Interval Training, is a training technique that involves repetitively giving 100% effort for a set amount of time followed by short recovery periods. The ProForm\u00ae CardioHIIT Trainer combines a smooth 10-inch vertical elliptical path with powerful upper-body movements to simulate stepping while boxing, getting your body sweating and burning calories throughout your workout and beyond.\nVertical Elliptical Path\n\n- Perfect for Full-Body HIIT Workouts\n- Comfortable on Joints\n- Pick Anywhere in the World and Go: iFit\u00ae Coach \n\nMaking time for world travel is a challenge\u2014but it doesn\u2019t have to be impossible. Visit Paris, hike the Swiss Alps, or jog the Chilean coast with your iFit\u00ae Bluetooth\u00ae Smart (BLE) Enabled CardioHIIT Trainer powered by Google Maps\u2122. You can even work your body head-to-toe with the iFit\u00ae High-Intensity Interval Workouts that were specially designed just for the CardioHIIT Trainer. When you purchase an iFit\u00ae membership, you get VIP access to the best in fitness technology. Top features include Google Maps\u2122 workouts that take you anywhere in the world. \n\nWhether you choose a route from our vast collection of pre-drawn trails or draw your own course, iFit\u00ae sends the route straight to your CardioHIIT Trainer for a unique, fun, and completely personalized experience. iFit\u00ae also sends you a brand new workout every day, designed by certified personal trainers, making it so you\u2019ll never get bored. And with automatic tracking, you can keep a close eye on your fitness evolution. \n\n*Access to iFit\u00ae account currently on Android\u2122 and iOS tablets. Requires membership, sold separately. The Bluetooth\u00ae word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by ICON Health & Fitness is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.\n\n- Global Google Maps\u2122 Routes\n- Unlimited Workout Library\n- Comprehensive Fitness Tracking\n\nThe Path of the Best Resistance: Intense 10\u201d Vertical Climbing Path \nPut your joints at ease while giving your legs a challenging workout. Unlike other stepper machines, the CardioHIIT Trainer is designed with a 10-inch vertical and a 5-inch horizontal elliptical path that makes each step feel natural and comfortable.\n- 10\u201d Vertical Elliptical Path\n- 5\u201d Horizontal Elliptical Path\n- Oversized, Comfortably Cushioned Pedals\n\nMultiple Levels For Endurance and Strength: 24 Resistance Levels\nResistance training strengthens bones, improves balance, benefits your heart, and helps you lose weight to make you look and feel better. And now you can do it all from the comfort of your home. \n\nWith 24 digital resistance levels, the CardioHIIT Trainer allows you to start out easy and progress to intense. Each level is smooth, frictionless, and silent with our patented SMR\u2122 Silent Magnetic Resistance.\n\nResistance for Any Experience Level\nPerfect for the Home: Take Up Less Space: \u00bd THE SPACE OF AN ELLIPTICAL \nOne of the biggest concerns people have about in-home fitness equipment is the amount of space it takes up. The CardioHIIT Trainer Pro resolves those concerns. The compact footprint takes up half the space of a normal elliptical exercise machine, leaving you with room to roam.\n\n- Vertical Elliptical Path Takes Up Less Floor Space",
    "channelid": "87488363",
    "videoid": "87488084",
    "date_created": "1479833119",
    "date_modified": "1521730559",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/proform-channel\/cardiohiit-trainer-pro-by-proform\/87488363-87488084"
}