{
    "title": "Canon SELPHY Wireless Compact Photo Printer 0599C001- Overview",
    "description": "Canon SELPHY Black Wireless Compact Photo Printer - 0599C001\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/97440\/Canon-0599C001.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=CP1200BK_20160323\n\nThe SELPHY CP1200 Wireless Compact Photo Printer is so much fun to use youll want to take it everywhere with you...and you can! Thanks to its compact design optional battery and multiple ways to print wirelessly you can print just about anywhere. But there is more to it than that. Its actually fun to print with the SELPHY CP1200. You can print on postcard size paper label size Square and even 8 small little stickers at a time. And before you print you can even dress up your photos with fun borders and effects. Do you ever need a picture for an ID or passport? Dont go to the convenience store just print your favorite picture of yourself. The SELPHY CP1200 has 43 built-in ID sizes so you can print just the right size for your needs. On top of all this you can print to the SELPHY CP1200 however you want AirPrint Canon PRINT app for Android iOS and Windows RT wirelessly from your computer wired via USB Camera or USB memory cards...the list goes on. The point is that is has never been more convenient fun or easy to print your favorite photos whenever you want to!\nFeatures:\n\u2022 2.7 Tilt-up LCD: Easily view select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing with this adjustable full-color display\n\u2022 Print gorgeous edge-to-edge borderless photos in credit card and postcard sizes\n\u2022 Portrait Image Optimize optimally corrects images where subjects or faces appear dark due to strong backlighting\n\u2022 Images can be automatically corrected for red-eyes in flash photos and enhanced for superb prints\n\u2022 Easily print from your compatible iOS Android and Windows RT devices with our free downloadable app\n\u2022 WIFI: Built-in Wireless allows you to print wirelessly from just about anywhere in the house\n\u2022 Dont feel like using a computer? No problem. Just insert a compatible memory card into the built-in card slot or a USB Flash Drive into the USB port select images on the LCD display and print!\n\u2022 AirPrint: Print wirelessly and effortlessly from your compatible iPhone iPad or iPod touch - no drivers needed!\n\u2022 The optional NB-CP2LH is your path to truly portable printing power with up to 54 prints on a single charge!\n\u2022 Of course you can also plug a USB cable into your computer for standard wired printing",
    "videoid": "69863258",
    "date_created": "1458707231",
    "date_modified": "1476299945",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/canon-selphy-wireless-compact-photo-printer-0599c001-overview\/69863258"
}