{
    "title": "Maytag 30 inch Freestanding Gas Range With Convection Oven MGR8700 Overview",
    "description": "Buy Maytag 30 in Gas Convection Freestanding Range MGR8700 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=mgr8700\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 17000-BTU Power\u2122 Burner Favorites will be sizzling before you know it with our 17000-BTU Power\u2122 burner. With enough juice to sear a steak in 45 seconds2 it uses intense heat for added flavor during browning and saut\u00e9ing.\n\u2022 EvenAir\u2122 Convection EvenAir\u2122 convection heats food inside and out to seal in flavors and juices. A fan evenly circulates air for consistent temperatures and uniform browning baking and roasting. So when youre lookin for crispy and juicy count on intense heat to help get the finest flavors out of your favorites.\n\u2022 Die-Cast Metal Knobs and Stainless Steel Handle On Maytag freestanding ranges that shine we added isnt just for show. The die-cast metal knobs and stainless steel handle are built with high-quality materials for a difference you can see and feel. Theyre just as practical as they are polished because we know you cant get delectable without dependable.\n\u2022 10-Year Limited Parts Warranty1 on the Burners Grates and Cavity With a 10-year limited parts warranty1 on the cooktop burners oven burners cast-iron metal grates and cavity we built these ranges tough enough to keep cookin for years.\n\u2022 Designed Engineered and Assembled in the USA Maytag is invested in America. Were proud to say: from Tulsa Oklahoma to you Maytag freestanding ranges are designed engineered and assembled in the U.S.A.\n\u2022 Variable Broil You wont need to dust off the grill to cook up a juicy steak. Variable broil brings the best results out of broiling with just the right temperatures for quick-cooking tasty cuts of meat succulent sweet peppers and more. Adjust to high or low for a precise cook thatll get you sizzling faster than you can set the table.\n\u2022 5.8 cu. ft. Capacity As the industrys largest capacity gas range available3 Maytag freestanding gas ranges never bite off more than they can chew. Its 5.8 cu. ft. capacity has enough space for even your largest dishes and pans\u2014so youll be confident cooking for the whole crew.",
    "videoid": "69864449",
    "date_created": "1406123516",
    "date_modified": "1477501980",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/maytag-30-inch-freestanding-gas-range-with-convection-oven-mgr8700-overview\/69864449"
}