{
    "title": "Bang and Olufsen M5 Wireless Speaker Review - 1200299",
    "description": "In this video we take a look at the Bang and Olufsen M5 speaker.  Dot the sound and features justify the price?  Make sure to watch the video to find out.  For more information on this speaker check it out at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/107482\/Bang-Olufsen-BeoPlay-M5-Black-Wireless-Speaker-1200299.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=1200299_2017023&utm_medium=video \n\nFeatures:\n- Connecting Music, Emotions, and Spaces: Beoplay M5 is a powerful, connected speaker that can function as a standalone or be connected to other speakers across multiple rooms.\n- Music in every room: Let music flow through every room by connecting more multiroom enabled speakers together and experience seamless sound. Beoplay M5 supports both Google Chromecast built-in and Beolink Multiroom technologies or you can connect via Bluetooth or Apple AirPlay. It\u2019s a great addition to the home system, and combines seamlessly with Beoplay A6 and Beoplay A9.\n- Easy set up and sound optimization: Beoplay M5 can be set up via Beoplay App where you can also activate a position optimization setting to maximize the quality of sound depending if the speaker is placed in a corner, by a wall or in free space.\n- Connect with A6 and A9: Beoplay M5 is a versatile connected speaker that can be experienced alone or can be replicated around the home and connected with Beoplay A6 and Beoplay A9 using Google Chromecast built-in or Beolink multi-room technology.\n- A crafted aluminium disc on top of Beoplay M5 and an exchangeable wool blend fabric cover are designed to fit your interior decoration.\n- Place it anywhere: Beoplay M5 is designed to be replicated around the home. Place it anywhere and let it blend in and stand out. Beoplay M5 combines warm fabric and cool aluminium for a visually stunning appearance and comes in grey or black or choose your favorite color to match your interior.\n- Designed to fit your style: Easily switch covers with other colors and make it fit your interior decoration. The cover for Beoplay M5 is produced by renowned Danish textile manufacturer, Kvadrat. All Kvadrat products are made from premium-quality materials and are expertly crafted. The cover is made from woven wool and is carefully carefully designed to enhance acoustics. Kvadrat also supply the materials for our A9 and A6 speakers.\n- Aluminum disc: The aluminium disc on the top of Beoplay M5 is both beautiful to behold and touch, as well as highly functional. Produced from pearl-blasted aluminium that is naturally anodized in carefully selected hues, it\u2019s cool to the touch and has a mesmerizingly tactile finish.\n- Touch Control: The speaker top is an aluminium disc that incorporates volume and connection controls that respond with a viscous dampened movement.\n- Beautiful to behold and touch: Tapping the aluminium disc will activate Beoplay M5 to join other music experiences going on in your home. The disk is also used to control volume \u2013 with 15% movement in each direction it is simply turn and hold to adjust volume levels. When the disk is turned to adjust the volume, it returns to the central position using a viscosity-based action. Not too quickly. And not too slowly.\n- True360 and signature sound: Beoplay M5 has True360 sound that lets you enjoy well-balanced Bang & Olufsen Signature Sound all around the room.\n- Beautiful music all around: Beoplay M5 has True360 sound that lets you enjoy equally good sound no matter where you are placed relative to the speaker. Three evenly distributed tweeters, a front facing mid-range driver and a powerful woofer that fires its energy down towards a carefully designed disperser, provide a uniform dispersion of well-balanced Bang & Olufsen Signature Sound all around the room.",
    "videoid": "85275786",
    "date_created": "1486145921",
    "date_modified": "1486167488",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bang-and-olufsen-m5-wireless-speaker-review-1200299\/85275786"
}