{
    "title": "Tech21 Polished Rose Gold Evo Elite Case For iPhone 6\/6s T21-5201 - Overview",
    "description": "Tech21 Polished Rose Gold Evo Elite Case For iPhone 6\/6s - T21-5201\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/102379\/Tech21-Polished-Rose-Gold-Evo-Elite-Case-For-iPhone-6-6s-T215201.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=T215201_20160628\n\nEngineer a slim lightweight case precisely colour matched to iPhones iconic aluminium backing that offers best-in-class impact protection.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Advanced Impact Protection from 2\u2009m\u2009\/\u20096.6\u2009ft with FlexShock\u2122\n\u2022 Durable scratch resistant finish\n\u2022 Full access to all ports and function buttons\n\u2022 Up to 30 thinner and 60 lighter than other cases offering similar protection\n\u2022 Precise comfortable access to all ports and function buttons\n\u2022 Rigorously tested to ensure no interference with device performance\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Protection. Re-imagined\nWe believe that case protection should seamlessly complement the device it protects. With Evo Elite we set out to do something that's never been done before. Engineer a slim lightweight case precisely color matched to iPhones iconic aluminium backing that offers best-in-class impact protection. The result is our most sophisticated impact protection case yet.\n\u2022 Styled to last\nAvailable in silver gold and space grey Evo Elite has a smooth metallic finish precisely color matched to the iPhone 6 \/ 6s. A unique material finish and application technique makes it durable and scratch resistant.\n\u2022 Slimmer Lighter Better Protection\nFlexShock \u2122 is the worlds most advanced impact protection material that enables the elegantly thin Evo Elite to offer protection from drops of 2m \/ 6.6ft in case that's up to 30 thinner and 60 lighter than most cases offering similar protection.\n\u2022 Unhindered user experience\nUltra-lightweight and super-slim Evo Elite gives comfortable and precise access to all ports and function buttons.\n\u2022 Protected\nPremium materials precision manufacturing. Quality assurance. We have ultimate confidence in the performance of the Evo Elite but if your case does go faulty during normal use in the first year well replace it for free. Conditions apply.",
    "videoid": "69863141",
    "date_created": "1467140675",
    "date_modified": "1476384435",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tech21-polished-rose-gold-evo-elite-case-for-iphone-6-6s-t21-5201-overview\/69863141"
}