{
    "title": "Apple Wired Mouse MB112LLB Overview",
    "description": "Buy Apple Wired Mouse MB112LLB - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/42862\/Apple-MB112LLB.html\n\nIt's the wired mouse that reinvents the wheel \u2014 the scroll wheel. The Apple Mouse features the amazing Scroll Ball that lets you move anywhere inside a document literally without lifting a finger. And with touch-sensitive technology concealed under the seamless top shell you can choose either the versatility of a four-button mouse or the simplicity of a single-button beauty.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Innovative Scroll Ball and button\nPerfectly positioned to roll smoothly under just one finger the Apple Mouses Scroll Ball offers full 360-degree scrolling capability \u2014 up\/down left\/right and diagonally. You can scroll long web pages pan full-size images maneuver around large spreadsheets control a video timeline and more. And you can even click the Scroll Ball to access your favorite Mac OS X features such as Dashboard Spotlight or Expos\u00e9\n\u2022 Touch-sensitive top shell\nIt looks and feels like a sleek one-button mouse but the Apple Mouses smooth top shell hides a powerful secret: touch-sensitive technology under the shell detects which part of the mouse youre clicking so you can both left-click and right-click. And if you prefer the simplicity of a classic one-button mouse the Apple Mouse is up to the task. Just use the Mac OS X system preference pane to configure it how you want\n\u2022 Force-sensing side buttons\nWhen you give the Apple Mouse a squeeze force-sensing side buttons can be configured to activate Mac OS X features such as Dashboard Expos\u00e9 or a whole host of other customizable features\n\u2022 Customizable\nIf you have Mac OS X the Apple Mouse can give you fingertip access to the special features you love. Simply use the system preference panel to configure the Apple Mouse in the way that makes you most powerful. Control the Scroll Balls tracking and click functions as well as the right left and side click functions. And you even can set up different mouse profiles for every user account on your Mac\n\u2022 Optical Tracking\nPowered by a precision optical sensor the Apple Mouse provides responsive and accurate cursor movement on almost any type of surface \u2014 no mouse pad required",
    "videoid": "69864448",
    "date_created": "1406125062",
    "date_modified": "1477501921",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/apple-wired-mouse-mb112llb-overview\/69864448"
}