{
    "title": "Bang & Olufsen Beolit 15 Portable Music System - 1287633",
    "description": "Bang & Olufsen Beolit 15 Natural Portable Music System\nShop Here: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/89171\/Bang...\n\nFill any room \u2013 with power clarity and passion.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Connect Any Device\nPlay It Your Way. Beolit 15 brings you the beauty of its predecessor in a range of exciting new colours. But the real revolution is inside. Packed with a series of recent innovations - like True360 sound and great new options for connectivity.\n\u2022 True360 Sound\nPowerful Sound All Around. Excellent engineering and the unique True360 sound solution ensure your music sounds great wherever you place Beolit 15. And with 240 watts of peak power there is enough sound to fill even larger rooms - and plenty of power to get the party going.\nQuick and simple Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity makes it easy for you to play from any of your favourite devices.\n\u2022 Tray\nPut Your Phone Down. Go ahead and put your mobile device on top of Beolit 15. The non-slip anti-dust treated rubber tray makes sure it stays put. Even when the bass is pumping.\n\u2022 Handle\nFull Grain Leather. The handle used to carry Beolit 15 around is made out of premium full-grain leather \u2013 carefully selected for just the right feel and perfectly positioned to avoid the speaker from wobbling when carried around.\n\u2022 Buttons \nTactile Control. Most of the time you will probably control Beolit 15 using your favourite devices. However on the top of the speaker you will find four control buttons two of which light up when in use. The buttons control the power (on\/off) activate Bluetooth and adjust the volume up and down.\n\u2022 Bluetooth\nWireless Freedom. Beolit 15 applies the latest in Bluetooth technology Bluetooth 4.0 aptX which gives you high quality audio streaming performance. Beolit 15 remembers up to 8 users and can have 2 devices connected at a time \u2013 so you can take turns DJing with your friends.\n\u2022 Battery\no Put Away The Cord\n\u2022 Pack up the cord neatly and dont worry about charging Beolit 15 constantly. The rechargeable Li-ion battery inside the speaker lets you play at any time without any fuzz.\n\u2022 The rechargeable Li-ion battery inside the speaker lets you play at any time without any fuzz. At moderate listening levels Beolit 15 plays up to 24 hours on a single charge. \nThat should get you through most of your playlists!\n\u2022 Built By Experts\nAdding A Human  Touch To Technology. The perfect design can easily last for 15 to 20 years. No matter if its linen chairs or electronics Danish designer Cecilie Manz has found the recipe behind making beautiful things that make life easier. Cecilie Manz is one of the great representatives of the young and successful product and furniture designers from Denmark. Read more about Cecilie Manz and her approach to life and design at The Journal.\n\u2022 Under The Hooda Wolf In Sheeps Clothes\nBeolit 15 is a real powerhouse featuring 4 active drivers and 2 passive bass radiators driven by dual Class D amplifiers delivering 240 watts of peak power.\no 1. One amplifier channel drives a five-and-a-half-inch long-stroke full-range driver while the bass performance is enhanced by two four-inch passive bass radiators placed on each side - in perfect balance to avoid vibration. \no 2.The second amplifier channel drives three 37mm mid-tweeters; two positioned in the front corners facing outwards at 45 degrees and 15 degrees upwards and the third one placed on the backside of the speaker.\nThe combination of the positioning and radiation patterns of the drivers and our use of advanced digital signal processing technology creates our unique True360 sound experience.",
    "videoid": "69863253",
    "date_created": "1459314503",
    "date_modified": "1476300413",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bang-olufsen-beolit-15-portable-music-system-1287633\/69863253"
}