{
    "title": "Samsung Built-In Double Wall Ovens - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung Built-In Double Wall Ovens\n\nFeatures:\n\nSteam Cook\n\nSteam Cook allows you to bake, broil and roast with professional results as it delivers moisture at precise times for a crisp, browned outside and tender inside.\n\nWi-Fi Enabled Temperature Probe\n\nTake the guesswork out of cooking meat and poultry. The Wi-Fi enabled temperature probeallows you to monitor the temperature so you never have to guess whether your meat and poultry are cooked properly. Monitor cooking progress without opening the oven door and releasing heat.\n\n5.1\/5.1 cu. ft. Capacity\n\nA 5.1\/5.1 cu. ft. capacity oven allows you to cook multiple dishes at once and can easily accommodate a big roast, multiple casserole dishes or several racks of cookies. Three racks per oven allow you to prepare enough food for large gatherings.\n\nSignature LED Lights\n\nSignature LED Lights combine halogen and LED for a brighter interior, eliminating the need to open the door to check progress so that you can maintain a consistent cooking temperature.\n\nWide View Window\n\nLarge oven window lets you easily view the progress of your dish.\n\nWi-Fi Connectivity\n\nRemotely monitor your oven for peace of mind. Turn on\/off, preheat, and adjust temperature or time from your smartphone for the ultimate cooking experience.\n\nOur Ready2Fit\u2122 Guarantee\n\nIf your new Samsung 30\" built-in wall oven doesn\u2019t fit your existing 30\" cabinet, you\u2019ll receive up to $300 in a Visa\u00ae Reward Card toward a professional cabinet retrofit.\n\nGliding Rack\n\nThe gliding rack, with its unique ball-bearing design, makes it easy to glide heavy items, like large turkey roasters, in and out of the oven.\n\nDual Convection\n\nTwo fans circulate heat evenly throughout the oven for faster and more efficient cooking. Saves up to 30% more time than traditional conventional ovens.",
    "channelid": "69550062",
    "videoid": "85418783",
    "date_created": "1487275349",
    "date_modified": "1487277835",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/samsung-channel\/built-ins-double-wall-oven-2017-01-13-mp4\/69550062-85418783"
}