{
    "title": "Sub-Zero Built In Style French Door Refrigerator BI42UFDIDSPH",
    "description": "Sub-Zero 42\" Built-In Stainless Steel French Door Refrigerator - BI42UFDIDSPH\n\nIt's no wonder the Sub-Zero 42\" French door refrigerator\/freezer has quickly become one of our most popular. It's the widest over-and-under we make, and even offers 15% more refrigerator storage than our 42\" side-by-side models. That means easier access to more of the fresh food you reach for most regularly, and with a two-column shelving system, you'll have more flexibility for storing taller bottles and containers too.\n\nDual refrigeration provides the ideal humid yet chilly conditions for fresh foods, along with dry, frigid air for frozen and convenience foods. An advanced air purification system scrubs the air of ethylene gas, bacteria, mold and viruses. Easy-to-use controls, magnetic door seals and a microprocessor add to the powerful preservation package. And it has new brighter LED lighting for better interior views, and a discreet interior water dispenser with filtration system. Capacity is a generous 17.9 cu. ft. refrigerator, 6.3 cu. ft. freezer.\n\nFeatures:\n\nNew! Discreet Interior Water Dispenser\u00a0\nProvides up to 35 oz. of chilled, filtered water without disturbing the seamless design of your kitchen. An advanced water filtration system significantly reduces contaminants, while preserving water's fresh, clean taste.\n\nNew! LED Lighting For Brighter Interior\nSee all your fresh foods more clearly and easily. LED lighting is also more energy-efficient \u2013 designed to last the life of your refrigerator.\n\nMaximum Capacity In A 42\" French Door Model\nFor those kitchens where storage space is at a premium, the Sub-Zero 42\" over-and-under with French door provides nearly 25 cubic feet of combined refrigerator and freezer capacity. That's more usable space than any other built-in French door model, with a refrigerator that's 12% roomier than a Sub-Zero 42\" side-by-side model.\n\nDual Refrigeration Keeps Food Fresher\u00a0\nThis technology pioneered by Sub-Zero features separate compressors and cooling systems for the refrigerator and freezer. Fresh food stays fresher in cool, moist air on one side, while frigid, dry air prevents frost and freezer burn on the other \u2014 optimum preservation conditions for each type of food.\n\nAir Purification System Fights Spoilage, Odors\nMany fresh foods emit ethylene gas, a natural compound that hastens spoilage. Sub-Zero's built-in refrigerators come with an anti-microbial air purification system (based on technology developed by NASA) that scrubs the air of ethylene, as well as mold, viruses and bacteria, every 20 minutes.\n\nLow-Temperature\/High-Humidity Storage Zones\u00a0\nCrispers and deli drawers are strategically located near the evaporator to maintain temperatures a few degrees cooler than the rest of the unit. Drawers are sealed to lock in humidity and ensure freshness.\n\nMicroprocessor Control Guarantees Peak Performance\u00a0\nOur state-of-the-art microprocessor preserves your food by adjusting to your individual climate and schedule. It continuously monitors each section of your Sub-Zero for pinpoint climate control, so foods are kept at their ideal temperature, varying by only one degree of your set point. Also lets you finesse your lighting and cooling fan, tells you if your door is ajar, and defrosts when it's most convenient for you.\n\nTwo-Column Shelving For Customized Storage\u00a0\nThe 42\" over-and-under with French door is the only Sub-Zero refrigerator with shelving that is split into two columns for maximum flexibility. Line up two half shelves to form a full-width shelf, or stagger their positions to customize storage for tall or short items.\n\nHelpful Freshness Cards\nDifferent foods require different storage procedures. That's why, inside each refrigerator, we include \"freshness cards\" that provide easy-to-follow tips for ensuring maximum food preservation.\n\nThe Deli Is Open!\nA soft-close deli drawer that spans the width of the refrigerator's interior provides ample room for packages and trays of meats, cheeses and more. Plastic dividers can be arranged for extra organization, or removed altogether.\n\nRigorously Tested To Ensure Dependability\u00a0\nEvery component of every single Sub-Zero unit is tested in our U.S. manufacturing facilities before assembly, then every completed product is factory-tested for up to 24 hours before shipping. In our labs, components are subjected to electric jolts, violent vibrations and 350\u00b0 temperature swings, and tested to stand up to at least 20 years of heavy use.\n\nAdjustable Shelves For Maximum Convenience\u00a0\nFood comes in all shapes and sizes, and the interior design of our refrigerators and freezers accommodates that diversity. Main shelves, door shelves, even dividers in drawers adjust to allow the most convenient configuration possible.\n\nOver-And-Under Refrigerator\/Freezer Storage\u00a0\nBuilt-in over-and-under units feature easy-access refrigerator storage above a full-extension, roll-out freezer drawer containing two-tier wire baskets.\n\nExceptional 24\/7 Customer Support\u00a0\nWhether you'",
    "videoid": "154726155",
    "date_created": "1521063808",
    "date_modified": "1521064035",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sub-zero-built-in-style-french-door-refrigerator-bi42ufdidsph\/154726155"
}