{
    "title": "Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 2 Soundbar Overview",
    "description": "Buy Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 2 Soundbar - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/69365\/Bowers-Wilkins-PANORAMA2.html\nShop All Soundbar Speakers - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/1122\/Soundbar-Speakers.html\n\nFeatures\nWidescreen for your ears \nPanorama 2 adds a new dimension to home entertainment bringing truly immersive high-quality sound to your TV from a single discreet speaker. You wont believe what a big difference a single box can make.\nImmersive sound \nPanorama 2s drive units are designed to disperse sound to as wide a listening area as possible. This large audio sweet spot means the whole family can immerse themselves in pristine sound. Movies and music on Panorama 2 now sound better than you ever thought that they could. All from a single discreet loudspeaker system.\nAdvanced drive units \nPanorama 2 features completely new specially designed tweeters midrange and low frequency drive units. This leads to a dramatically improved acoustic performance with better bass and enhanced integration.\nCabinet construction \nStrength and rigidity is key to avoiding audio distortion \u00ac you only want to hear sound from the drivers not a rattle from the cabinet. So Panorama 2 is designed with an unbroken curving outer shell.\nPlug and Play \nWe believe speakers should not only sound fantastic they should also be easy to install and use. Thats why using Panorama 2 is as simple as plugging it in. Panorama 2 features the latest HDMI connectivity (three inputs and one output) to allow the quickest easiest and highest-quality to the widest range of televisions Blu-ray players set-top boxes and games consoles.\nWell connected \nPanorama 2s HDMI connectivity allows: on-screen information display; audio-return taking sound from TV to amplifier; and Consumer Electronics Control so you can control it with your TV remote.\nYou are in control \nPanorama 2 features a proximity-sensitidisplay. Leave it alone and it fades to black. But wave your hand over the display and you can instantly control Panorama 2s menus directly.\nThe people behind movie sound \nIf you need proof that Bowers & Wilkins understands movie sound just ask the engineers that put sound to movies. The control rooms at Londons Abbey Road Studios and Californias Skywalker Sound is where Hollywood puts music and sound to blockbuster movies. They are probably the most advanced multi-channel listening environments in the world. Naturally they both use the worlds most advanced reference speakers - Bowers & Wilkins 800 Series.\nSpecifications\n\u2022 Description Integrated A\/V Sound System\n\u2022 Technical Features\no Nautilus\u2122 tube loaded aluminium dome tweeter\no Flowport\u2122\no Digital Signal Processing\no Digital amplifier\no Switch mode power supply",
    "videoid": "69864524",
    "date_created": "1399495308",
    "date_modified": "1477510093",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bowers-wilkins-panorama-2-soundbar-overview\/69864524"
}