{
    "title": "Tumi Alpha 2 Anthracite T-Pass Medium Screen Laptop Slim Brief 26516 - Overview",
    "description": "Tumi Alpha 2 Anthracite T-Pass Medium Screen Laptop Slim Brief - 26516 - ANTHRACITE\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95446\/Tumi-26516ANTHRACITE.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=026516AT2_20160310\n\nTumi elevates your travel and business experience with Alpha 2 the pinnacle of our design innovation engineering functionality and performance. The collection embodies Tumis commitment to making the best better; it incorporates design and feature improvements as well as Tumi\u2019s proprietary and patented technology. Alpha 2\u2019s soft travel and business cases are characterized by ultra streamlined designs clean and modern styling details and advanced functionality. Traveling with your laptop just got easier. This Tumi T-Pass laptop brief is designed to meet TSA checkpoint requirements which allow you to go through security without removing your laptop from the case. The split-opening case must be packed appropriately to ensure an unobstructed scanning of your laptop. Accommodates medium and smaller laptops with removable foam blocks. Features a zip pocket with Tumi ID Lock\u2122 which protects personal data encoded on most IDs credit cards and passports. Numerous organizer pockets including a water bottle\/umbrella pocket. Embossed leather carry handles and patented articulating shoulder strap designed to comfortably stay in place. Made from Tumi\u2019s signature FXT ballistic nylon with a ballistic weave-inspired pattern on leather trim and interior lining. (The TSA reserves the right to ask anyone to remove a laptop from its case or re-screen any laptop or case.)\nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Primary Material: Fabric \n\u2022 Laptop: Fits up to 15 \n\u2022 Interior:\no Padded laptop compartment with removable foam blocks\no TUMI ID Lock\u2122 zip pocket\no Zip pockets\no Open pockets\no Elastic pockets\no Card pockets\no Pen loops\no Key leash\n\u2022 Exterior:\no Front U-zip pockets\no Waterproof umbrella\/water bottle pocket\no Front zip pockets\no Back zip pocket\no Back open pocket\no Add-a-Bag sleeve\no Embossed leather carry handles\no Removable\/adjustable articulating shoulder strap",
    "videoid": "69863278",
    "date_created": "1457556667",
    "date_modified": "1476297604",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/tumi-alpha-2-anthracite-t-pass-medium-screen-laptop-slim-brief-26516-overview\/69863278"
}