{
    "title": "Endurance 720E Elliptical",
    "description": "Getting fit can be a challenge\u2014it makes all the difference when you have the right tools. \n\nStart with iFit\u00ae technology. You can draw a route anywhere in the world via Google Maps\u2122. Feel like you\u2019re there with Street View showing you every step. And the power ramp moves your incline up to 20 degrees. Target your gluts, quads, and calves for realistic trail training. You\u2019ll be 100 percent prepared for the next family hike\u2014anywhere in the world.\n\nAnd when you want to watch your daily, weekly, or total progress, check out your workout stats available on the iFit\u00ae cloud. Or for in-the-moment training stats, the Endurance 720 E features a 5-inch display that shows off your speed, time, distance, and calories burned.\n\nWe know life can get pretty hectic. Solution: make fitness time multi-tasking time. Our integrated tablet shelf keeps your tablet secure and conveniently close so you have access to all your training tools and entertainment must-haves. Now you can catch up on the news, social media, or your favorite fitness apps while you work out.\n\nWith 22 digital resistance levels you can start out easy and progress to intense. Each level is smooth, frictionless, and silent with our patented SMR\u2122 Silent Magnetic Resistance.",
    "videoid": "87488127",
    "date_created": "1480440072",
    "date_modified": "1490714601",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/endurance-720e-elliptical\/87488127"
}