{
    "title": "Klipsch Reference Black On-Ear Headphones REFERENCE ON-EAR BLK - Overview",
    "description": "Klipsch Reference Black On-Ear Headphones - REFERENCE ON-EAR BLK http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95051\/Klipsch-REFERENCEONEARBLK.html\n\n\u2022 LEGENDARY SOUND + GREAT FIT After 60+ years of making legendary loudspeakers we built upon our bold audio heritage to revolutionize the headphone industry. Since 2007 we have been creating the most innovative headphones on the market. We are the performance and comfort winners. Period.\n\u2022 NOT JUST YOUR AVERAGE HEADPHONE The new standard in on-ear headphones combines comfort and sound quality into a compact package. Not built to be flashy Reference On-Ear hides things like hinges and sliding mechanisms in favor of a minimal clean design. Protecting mechanical components from the outside world also improves reliability so you have a headphone that will last for years to come.\n\u2022 SOUND A ground-up design focusing on proper representation of music from any genre Reference On-Ear doesn\u2019t add anything you weren\u2019t meant to hear by the artist. Vocals are clear highs are crisp and bass is true and accurate.\n\u2022 COMFORT Reference On-Ear\u2019s premium ear cushions are soft and deep. This significantly improves comfort and separates music away from outside noise. The earcup provides articulation in every direction ensuring that pressure is applied evenly across the entire ear. With just the right amount of headband pressure your ears stay comfortable for hours.\n\u2022 LESS IS MORE Designed with portability in mind Reference On-Ear is light on your head and folds up. The ear cups have been shrunken to where the ear cushion is the largest component.\n\u2022 FLAT TANGLE-RESISTANT CABLE Enhanced durable cabling for hassle-free storage and transport.\n\u2022 ADVANCED THREE-BUTTON REMOTE + MIC Offers full control of iPhone iPod touch and iPod models while allowing for seamless control of music and phone calls.\n\u2022 ACCESSORIES Available in black or white finish each comes with a carrying case perfect for safe storage and travel",
    "videoid": "69863561",
    "date_created": "1448401934",
    "date_modified": "1476897839",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/klipsch-reference-black-on-ear-headphones-reference-on-ear-blk-overview\/69863561"
}