{
    "title": "Dyson Cinetic Big Ball Animal Upright Vacuum",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the Dyson Cinetic Big Ball Animal Upright vacuum.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/89105\/Dyson-Cinetic-Big-Ball-Animal-Upright-Vacuum-20603101.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=CINETICBIGBALLANIMAL%20_20170629 \n\nFeatures:\n- Dyson Cinetic\u2122 science: \nDyson Cinetic\u2122 science has revolutionized vacuum cleaner technology \u2013 it captures the microscopic dust that clogs others. Dyson Cinetic\u2122 science generates centrifugal forces of up to 313,000G flinging particles as small as pollen and mold spores from the air and into the bin. Each of the 35 Dyson Cinetic\u2122 tips oscillate 350 times every second, preventing dust building up and blocking the airflow. Dust separation is so efficient there's no need for a pre-motor filter, so it doesn't lose suction\n- No dirty filters to wash or replace:\nThe only vacuum with no filters to wash or replace, so there's no clogging and no loss of suction\n- Self-adjusting cleaner head:\nAn active base plate automatically adjusts the cleaner head height to seal in suction across all floor types. This ensures that even the microscopic particles between floorboards are sucked up into the vacuum. The motorised brush bar with stiff nylon bristles drives deep into carpet to remove ground-in dirt\n- Ball\u2122 technology: \nFixed wheels are not designed to turn corners. But a ball can turn on the spot. As the ball's axis is tilted, its turning circle tightens \u2013 allowing full and accurate steering control. The vacuum's key components have been engineered to fit inside the ball itself. This gives the machine a streamlined profile, allowing access to tight spaces and lowering its centre of gravity to make it lighter in the hand\n- Asthma & Allergy friendly\u2122: \nIdeal for allergy sufferers. Lifetime washable filter captures microscopic allergens as small as pollen and mold. The Dyson Cinetic\u2122 Big Ball Animal is certified asthma & allergy friendly\u2122 by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America\n- Designed for homes with pets:\nThe Tangle-free Turbine tool is the only turbine tool that doesn't tangle. Counter-rotating heads with brushes remove hair from carpets and upholstery, so there's no brush bar for hair to wrap around. The flexible heads bend to maintain contact across uneven surfaces, and they're positioned so that the brushes reach to the front and sides of the tool \u2013 drawing hair and dirt in from all directions. More hair is released straight into the bin than with any other mini turbine tool\n- Hygienic bin emptying: \nEmptying the bin on a Dyson vacuum is quick and hygienic. Just press the button to release the dirt. The bin is clear, so you can see when it needs emptying \u2013 and how much dust, dirt and pet hair the machine has captured. Dyson vacuums were the first to have clear bins \u2013 despite market researchers insisting it was a bad idea. Now clear bins are everywhere (though not all are made from the same ABS polycarbonate as riot shields, like Dyson bins)",
    "videoid": "102370664",
    "date_created": "1498752616",
    "date_modified": "1498831388",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dyson-cinetic-big-ball-animal-upright-vacuum\/102370664"
}