{
    "title": "Yamaha Bluetooth Speaker WX-030 - Overview",
    "description": "Yamaha White Bluetooth Speaker - WX-030WH http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/95117\/Yamaha-WX030WH.html\n\nThis Wi-Fi-enabled streaming speaker is so compact you can put it just about anywhere for instant listening. Its compatible with MusicCast a new system that lets you connect devices such as AV receivers and desktop audio equipment via your homes wireless network to deliver music whenever and wherever you like.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 MusicCast \nMusicCast is a new revolution in network audio use all your MusicCast products together or separately its completely up to you. Control it all from one app designed to be intuitive quick and simple to use. Use a soundbar a wireless speaker an AV Receiver HiFi audio whichever suits you best mix and match then expand your MusicCast system as time goes on. All new from Yamaha the MusicCast system brings everything to everywhere for everyone\n\u2022 Everythings connected \nEnjoy content from any MusicCast-compatible device-or any Blu-ray or CD player connected to it \u2014 in any room in your house. You can also connect using DLNA to enjoy music stored on your PC or NAS\n\u2022 Enjoy music via Bluetooth and from streaming music services \nStream music directly from your smartphone or tablet via Bluetooth or AirPlay and enjoy unlimited content from commercial streaming services. Use the MusicCast CONTROLLER app to pause\/play and adjust the volume from your smart device\n\u2022 Bluetooth output for convenient music streaming \nThe WX-030 is equipped with the latest Bluetooth technology making wireless operation more convenient than ever. You can stream music from the WX-030 to Bluetooth headphones for private listening or to Bluetooth speakers\n\u2022 Richer sound and deeper bass in a tiny package \nThe amazing sound is thanks to the two-way speaker design coupled with Yamahas DSP magic. A large passive radiator is the secret ingredient that enables deep bass to be produced from such a compact unit while the onboard Music Enhancer smoothing out the stretched-out highs and muddled mids associated with over-compressed MP3 files. High-quality formats such as WAV FLAC and ALAC are also fully supported. From pop to rock\u2014everything sounds as it should\n\u2022 Clean design refreshing ease of use \nThe clean simple design of the speaker allows it to fit right in and its compact size makes it perfect for use in the kitchen or by the bedside for instance. You can even mount it on a wall. A single touchsensitive button switches the speaker on opening up infinite ways to enjoy your WX-030 wireless speaker\n\u2022 Easy setup with your smartphone or tablet \nUse your smartphone or tablet together with the MusicCast CONTROLLER app to operate the speaker and change settings quickly and easily. The same Controller app functions as a remote control for all your MusicCast-compatible devices too",
    "videoid": "69863604",
    "date_created": "1445454112",
    "date_modified": "1476901648",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/yamaha-bluetooth-speaker-wx-030-overview\/69863604"
}