{
    "title": "First Look: LG OLED65G7P 4K OLED G7P",
    "description": "In this video we take a closer look at the LG OLED65G7P.  For more details or to place an order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/108995\/LG-SIGNATURE-65-Black-UHD-4K-OLED-HDR-Smart-HDTV-With-WebOS-3.5-OLED65G7P.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=OLED65G7P_20170427 \n\nFeatures:\n- Picture-on-Glass \nThe awe-inspiring Picture-on-Glass design is made possible by a breakthrough approach to television engineering. The OLED module is applied directly to the glass back panel for a clean, ultra-slim profile. And the screen has a minimal bezel for minimal distraction\n- Perfect Black & Cinematic Color \nLG OLED pixels create their own light, and can switch off to achieve truly perfect black levels with zero light bleed, providing the foundation for displaying the lush, vibrant color that only LG OLED TV can deliver\n- See. Hear. Spectacular. \nThe fusion of advanced image and sound transforms your TV into an entertainment powerhouse. LG OLED TV is the first TV of its kind that brings both Dolby Vision\u2122 and Dolby Atmos\u00ae together\n- Active HDR with Dolby Vision\u2122 \nActive HDR analyzes and optimizes HDR10 content scene-by-scene for an even more striking, more breathtaking High Dynamic Range experience. It also supports Dolby Vision\u2122 as well as the new backward-compatible HLG HDR standard, assuring compatibility with the most HDR content from streaming",
    "videoid": "88715217",
    "date_created": "1493321421",
    "date_modified": "1493400173",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/first-look-lg-oled65g7p-4k-oled-g7p\/88715217"
}