{
    "title": "Unboxing: Yamaha Black 2 Channel Network Hi-Fi Receiver - R-N602",
    "description": "Yamaha Black 2 Channel Network Hi-Fi Receiver - R-N602\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100809\/Yamaha-Black-2-Channel-Network-Hi-Fi-Receiver-RN602.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RN602BL_20160511\nKey Features:\n\u2022 MusicCast wireless multiroom audio support\n\u2022 Bluetooth built-in Wi-Fi and Wireless Direct\n\u2022 AirPlay Pandora Rhapsody Spotify SiriusXM Internet Radio music streaming services\n\u2022 DSD 2.8 MHz \/ 5.6 MHz FLAC \/ WAV \/ AIFF 192 kHz \/ 24-bit Apple Lossless 96 kHz \/ 24-bit playback\n\u2022 Front panel USB connection for digital docking with iPod \/ iPhone and USB flash drives\n\u2022 Pure Direct for greater sound purity\n\u2022 ToP-ART sound quality design with high quality parts\n\u2022 Digital audio inputs for TV or Blu-ray Disc\u2122 players\n\u2022 Phono input (MM)\n\u2022 ECO mode and Auto Power Standby\nFeatures:\n\u2022 MusicCast \nMusicCast makes it easy to bring music to every room in your home wirelessly with playback controlled by a simple app. Start with a MusicCast capable AV receiver in your main entertainment room for the ultimate home theater experience then add MusicCast speakers sound bars or Hi-Fi components in other rooms wirelessly\n\u2022 All Your Content \nMusicCast allows you to access your digital music library streaming music services and Internet radio as well as Bluetooth sources your TV sound and external sources attached to your AV receiver such as a Blu-ray Disc player or CD player\n\u2022 Bluetooth Output for Convenient Music Streaming \nThe R-N602 is equipped with Bluetooth functionality to let you easily enjoy wireless music playback from smartphones and other devices. The Compressed Music Enhancer from Yamaha is now optimized for Bluetooth audio transmissions to ensure that your music will have vivid lively sound quality during wireless playback\n\u2022 Wireless Music Streaming via Bluetooth or AirPlay\nEnjoy music from your smartphone or tablet wirelessly using a Bluetooth connection. You can also use the convenient AirPlay function for wireless music streaming from iPhone or iPads. In addition a Network Standby mode provides the convenience of having the R-N602 turn on and off automatically\n\u2022 Streaming Services Offer a Huge Range of Listening Choices \nEnjoy support for music streaming services like Pandora Spotify Rhapsody and SiriusXM Internet radio means youll enjoy a wide variety of music content. Furthermore support for the vTuner radio station database enables sampling of Internet radio broadcasts from around the world\n\u2022 Enjoy the Entire Spectrum of All Your Favorite Music Sources \nThe R-N602 is a stereo receiver and network audio player in a single unit. You can use it to easily play audio downloaded from the Internet stored on a PC or NAS system or enjoy streaming music services and Internet radio (with vTuner). Moreover the MusicCast app from Yamaha allows you to enjoy your favorite tunes on a smartphone or tablet device via a wireless connection\n\u2022 Extensive Audio Codec and Format Support \nThis network stereo receiver is compatible with high-resolution audio codecs such as DSD \/ AIFF \/ FLAC \/ WAV \/ Apple Lossless. You will enjoy the excellent sound quality of these various high-resolution audio codecs from the USB input on the front panel or from network connected devices. It uses a Burr-Brown 192 kHz \/ 24-bit DAC that has a firmly established reputation for quality\n\u2022 USB Digital Connection for iPod and iPhone on the Front Panel \nA USB port on the front panel allows convenient connection of an iPod and iPhone which also charges the iOS device when connected. Because the digital signal from the iPod and iPhone is transmitted directly to the receiver there is no signal-loss or interference. You get to enjoy the best possible sound quality. In addition you can use the receivers remote control unit to operate the iPod and iPhone for basic playback control\n\u2022 Gapless Playback Compatibility Allows Play without Interruption \nMany live and classical albums have no gaps in the music. Gapless playback ensures that there are no pauses between audio files. This provides playback with no interruptions the way it was meant to be heard\n\u2022 ToP-ART Sound Quality Design and Highest Quality Parts \nEverything in the R-N602 has been built for maximum performance. The internal design utilizes simple direct transmission of the signals \u2014 ensuring optimum separation and elimination of noise and distortion for pure sound reproduction. This includes dual independent power supplies for the two sound sources (analog and digital) as well as original ToP-ART (Total Purity Audio Reproduction Technology) and Art Base chassis construction to fully protect audio signals from noise and vibration. Moreover all parts and materials have been carefully selected and tested to make sure they are of only the highest quality so that they all work together to provide the absolute best sound possible",
    "videoid": "69863192",
    "date_created": "1462968781",
    "date_modified": "1476379778",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-yamaha-black-2-channel-network-hi-fi-receiver-r-n602\/69863192"
}