{
    "title": "Unboxing: Canon EOS M6",
    "description": "In this video we unbox the brand new Canon EOS M6 mirrorless camera.  For more information or to order please visit us at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/108635\/Canon-EOS-M6-Mirrorless-Digital-Camera-With-15-45mm-Lens-1724C011.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=EOSM6_2017045 \n\nFeatures:\n- Fast & Accurate Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection:\nWith the EOS M6 camera's fast and accurate Dual Pixel CMOS AF, there's virtually no wait when capturing action-packed moments. This highly advanced technology is equipped with advanced multi-pixel phase-detection that instantly analyzes the phase of select light wavelengths. By calculating the difference, the EOS M6 determines how to adjust the lens so the image is in focus. Available when using Live View on the LCD touchscreen, Dual Pixel CMOS AF helps ensure your results are sharp, keeps the time it takes to lock focus onto your subject to a minimum and smoothly maintains focus where you want it, even if your subject is in motion, for both photos and videos\n- 24.2 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) Sensor:\nThe EOS M6 camera features a 24.2 Megapixel (APS-C) sensor capable of capturing large image and movie files that are suitable for enlargements with sufficient resolution for significant trimming. Whether making poster-sized prints, zooming in on a particular detail or making Full HD movies, the EOS M6's sensor is primed to deliver\n- High-speed Continuous Shooting at up to 7.0 fps (up to 9.0 fps with AF Lock):\nTo help you get multiple images of a fast-moving subject and ensure you capture the moment you want, the EOS M6 camera is capable of taking up to 7.0 frames per second (up to 9.0 fps with AF Lock). Whether you're capturing an athlete scoring a goal or a toddler running after bubbles, the EOS M6 can take the shot and stay locked on thanks to its DIGIC 7 Image Processor\n- DIGIC 7 Image Processor, ISO 100-25600:\nThe DIGIC 7 Image Processor powers the EOS M6 camera, providing high image quality and fast operation even in low light. When using high ISO settings, the improved noise reduction processing helps keep the image sharp and detailed in virtually any lighting situation. Enhanced tracking and detection capabilities help keep subjects clear and in focus throughout the action, with improved face tracking so your friend or family member remains the subject of the photo. Powerful all around, the DIGIC 7 Image Processor helps ensure your photos and videos look sharp and lifelike with minimal unwanted noise or grain\n- Full HD 60p:\nWhether you're creating artistic film clips or capturing special occasions, the advanced video capabilities of the EOS M6 camera can capture them in high quality. Incredibly realistic 1080p Full HD video is recorded at up to 60p with stereo sound in convenient MP4 format. Video is smooth and richly detailed even when played back on a large-screen HDTV via the camera's HDMI output. The MP4 format's small file size lets you fit more on a single memory card, and helps make downloading and sharing quick and easy\n- Combination IS with 5-axis Image Stabilization:\nEven when you hold the camera as steady as you can, some unintentional shaking is possible. To counter this, the EOS M6 camera features Combination IS, which uses the camera's Digital IS with a compatible lens's Optical IS to help lessen the chance of blur due to camera shake. The EOS M6 also features 5-axis Digital Image Stabilization* when recording video, which digitally helps to minimize blur due to movement. These help ensure the videos you record are as sharp as possible",
    "videoid": "87576469",
    "date_created": "1491427567",
    "date_modified": "1491494189",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-canon-eos-m6\/87576469"
}