{
    "title": "Canon EF 24-70mm Standard Zoom Camera Lens 5175B002 - Overview",
    "description": "Canon EF 24-70mm Standard Zoom Camera Lens - 5175B002 http:\/\/direct-url.com\/aHG\n\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/63583\/Canon-5175B002.html\n\nMeeting the ever-increasing demands on image quality that digital photography brings the redesigned EF 24-70mm f\/2.8L II USM is the latest update to the acclaimed L-Series of EF optics re-establishing a new standard for superb optics high-end durable construction and performance in professional zoom lenses. A standard focal length zoom lens it features a large aperture throughout its focal length. Featuring the latest advances in optical lens design it utilizes 1 Super UD lens element and 2 UD lens elements that help minimize chromatic aberration in the periphery at wide-angle as well as reduced color blurring around the edges of the subject. In addition 2 types of aspherical lenses are combined to help reduce spherical aberration over the entire image area as well as through the full zoom range. Optimized lens coatings also help ensure exceptional color balance while minimizing ghosting. The lens is also equipped with a circular 9-blade diaphragm for beautiful soft backgrounds. A ring-type USM and high-speed CPU with optimized AF algorithms enable silent and fast autofocusing. Built for the rigors of professional use as well as to meet the increased number of shots available with digital photography its constructed with improved dust sealing and water resistance while fluorine coatings on the front and rear lens surfaces help reduce soiling smears and fingerprints. A zoom lock lever locks the zoom position at the wide end for safe transporting while attached to an EOS DSLR camera over the shoulder.\nSpecifications:\n\u2022 Focal Length & Maximum Aperture: 24-70mm 1:2.8 \n\u2022 Lens Construction: 18 elements in 13 groups \n\u2022 Diagonal Angle of View: 84\u00b0 - 34\u00b0\n\u2022 Focus Adjustment: Inner-focusing with USM\n\u2022 Closest Focusing Distance: 0.38m\/1.25 ft. \n\u2022 Zoom System: Rotating Type\n\u2022 Filter Size: 82mm",
    "videoid": "69863710",
    "date_created": "1440000973",
    "date_modified": "1476912157",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/canon-ef-24-70mm-standard-zoom-camera-lens-5175b002-overview\/69863710"
}