{
    "title": "Sony Black High Power Bluetooth Home Audio System GTK-XB7BC - Overview",
    "description": "Sony Black High Power Bluetooth Home Audio System - GTK-XB7BC\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/98745\/Sony-Black-High-Power-Bluetooth-Home-Audio-System-GTKXB7BC.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=GTKXB7BC_20160505\n\nBring the night alive with this EXTRA BASS\u2122 wireless Bluetooth and NFC speaker system that pumps up any gathering with powerful clear bass club-like LED lighting and DJ effects.1 Stream and control great sounding music from your smartphone and even add extra wireless speakers to the mix. It\u2019s ready to hit the party scene with bass that hits.\nFeatures\nFeel the power of EXTRA BASS\nMade for today\u2019s heavy-hitting bass lines and dropping beats EXTRA BASS\u2122 technology delivers powerful clear bass sound where it\u2019s hardest to find\u2014in portable speakers and headphones. The result is a full deep resonating sound that\u2019s perfect for EDM Hip-Hop and other music. So push the button crank it up and let the bass drop.\nConnect and stream music easily with Bluetooth and NFC\nEnjoy easy one-touch connectivity and music streaming with NFC. No NFC? No problem. Connect via Bluetooth and you\u2019re ready to go.2\nPump up that party feeling with club-like LED lighting\nMake it a party with club-like LED speaker illumination.2 The LED light speakers feature multicolor patterns ranging from pure white to rainbow. Synchronizing with the rhythm of the beat the power and speed of the light display matches the musical mood and atmosphere.\nStand it up or lay it down\nA flexible two-way design gives you great sound wherever you place the system. Set it up horizontally for a classic boombox feel or flip it upright if you\u2019re short on space. A built-in sensor optimizes how sound is processed to stereo sound whichever setup you choose.\nConnect and add more speakers with Party Chain\nAdd extra power to your sound system. Connect multiple stereos in a chain for a higher sound output. Activate one device to be the \u2018Party Host\u2019 and sync music with the other systems in the chain.\nAdd to a TV or other equipment\nHook up a TV speaker or other audio-video equipment with audio input\/output to give your home entertainment an audio boost.\nPlug and play with your favorite devices\nWith a USB port you\u2019ll be able to plug in a USB smartphone tablet or laptop and play all your digital files. Compatible with MP3 WMA and WAV formats you\u2019ll be able to keep the party moving with your favorite playlists.\nIncrease the clarity and quality of what you hear\nUnique to Sony ClearAudio+ automatically adjusts sound settings for an enriching listening experience. By bringing together expertise in digital signal processing technologies ClearAudio+ is able to optimize audio to deliver a consistently clear high-quality sound whether you\u2019re enjoying music movies or games.\nCustomize and control everything from your smartphone with SongPal\nHave fun with your party settings from the dance floor with the SongPal app.1 Simply download onto your smartphone and enjoy wireless control of all your party settings. Switch up lighting patterns or activate DJ effects and EQ settings to pump up the atmosphere. You can also select your favorite playlists from USB and cue the next song without being tied to the DJ booth.",
    "videoid": "69863204",
    "date_created": "1462452535",
    "date_modified": "1476378833",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-black-high-power-bluetooth-home-audio-system-gtk-xb7bc-overview\/69863204"
}