{
    "title": "Sony Alpha A58 DSLR Camera SLT-A58K : Sony at Abt Electronics...",
    "description": "Buy Now - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/68880\/Sony-SLTA58K.html\nShop Cameras - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/20\/Digital-Cameras.html\n\nSony Alpha A58 Black Digital SLR Camera With 18-55mm Lens Model SLTA58K\n\nSony continues to revolutionize the world of hobby photography by combining professional features and image quality with proprietary advancements to make affordable easy-to-use DSLR cameras. The Sony Alpha A58 DSLR Kit is part of that trend using Sony SLT technology to gain an edge over other beginner DSLRs.\n\nSony Alpha A58 High Resolution Sensor\n\nAt the heart of the Alpha A58 DSLR is a 20.1 megapixel Sony Exmor HD CMOS sensor with the resolution needed to capture even the smallest details of the scene at hand. Your photos will look stunning on a monitor or TV or even as extra-large prints. Sensitivity up to ISO 16000 lets you take natural-looking photos in low light without needing a flash. Auto HDR feature and a variety of scene modes can add just the effect needed to make your photos totally unique. And if you prefer video to still photos the Sony Alpha A58 also shoots vibrant Full HD 1080p video at 24 or 30 fps.\n\nHigh Speed Autofocus and SteadyShot Image Stabilization\n\nSince all of that resolution doesnt matter if your shots are blurry Sony outfitted the A58 DSLR with an array of focus technologies that help make every shot sharp. An advanced 15-point autofocus system utilizes three highly-sensitive cross-type sensors to ensure focus in the most demanding lighting conditions. Capture fast action with continuous shooting of 5 frames per second while Lock-On AF mode accurately tracks moving subjects helping get every shot in focus. And to combat camera shake during low-light or when using heavy lenses the Sony A58 uses SteadyShot image stabilization technology to keep the camera sensor steady lessening the likelihood of blurry photos. By building this feature into the sensor every lens in the Alpha DSLR lineup is stabilized.\n\nVersatile Compact Body\n\nThe unique body",
    "videoid": "69864883",
    "date_created": "1372778518",
    "date_modified": "1477597335",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-alpha-a58-dslr-camera-slt-a58k-sony-at-abt-electronics\/69864883"
}