{
    "title": "Bose SoundTouch Home Theater Systems 120 & 130 - Overview",
    "description": "Bose SoundTouch 130 Home Theater Speaker System - 738484-1100 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94521\/Bose-7384841100.html\n\nBose SoundTouch 120 Home Theater Speaker System - 738478-110 ST120HTS\n\nOne soundbar. A world of wireless music.\nHundreds of TV shows. Thousands of movies. Millions of songs. All made better with better sound. The Bose SoundTouch 120 home theater system combines high-performing audio with ease of use. A single 17 soundbar delivers clear natural sound while the wireless Acoustimass module provides impactful bass. It\u2019s also a powerful music system that lets you easily enjoy wireless music when connected to your existing home Wi-Fi network or Bluetooth devices.\nThe sound stands out. The speaker fits in.\nInside the compact speaker enclosure are five precisely positioned powerful drivers that are aided by TrueSpace technology. Couple that with the resonant bass provided by the Acoustimass module and youll hear a compelling level of sound and spaciousness. All without a slew of wires snaking across your room.\nNotable bass performance \nThe soundbar takes center stage but the wireless Acoustimass module does plenty of work behind the scenes. It adds dramatic low notes to all your entertainment\u2014without adding a cable connection from the module to the speaker. With a signal range of 30 you can place it pretty much anywhere in the room even out of sight.\nSound designed for your room\nWood floors plush rugs unique room dimensions. Believe it or not they can all affect sound. Thats where the ADAPTiQ audio calibration system comes in. It adjusts the speakers performance to the acoustics of your room so you dont have to change a thing. Once youve placed your speaker just run the ADAPTiQ system and enjoy consistent performance throughout the room from then on.\nExploring music with SoundTouch \nWith SoundTouch you can discover and enjoy music more effortlessly than ever before. Wirelessly stream millions of songs through Spotify Pandora iHeartRadio\u2122 and Deezer as well as Internet radio stations and your own music library. A powerful app lets you control your music from anywhere in the house with your phone or tablet. And six easily programmable presets let you play your favorite music from the app or the included universal RF remote. \nThe SoundTouch 120 system is also part of an entire family of wireless products. They all work together to play the same music in every room or different music in different rooms.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Spacious detailed sound from a compact soundbar\n\u2022 Small control console with 4 HDMI\u2122 inputs ensures the highest-quality sound from your components\n\u2022 Wirelessly play music services like Spotify and Pandora Internet radio stations and your stored music library\n\u2022 Customizes sound to fit your room for a consistent high-quality performance",
    "videoid": "69863662",
    "date_created": "1442253116",
    "date_modified": "1476908005",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-soundtouch-home-theater-systems-120-130-overview\/69863662"
}