{
    "title": "The Love Affair Collection - BeoLab 18",
    "description": "Bang & Olufsen BeoLab 18 Wireless Speakers - BEOLAB18\n\nFeatures:\n\nACOUSTIC WORK OF ART\n- Conceived as an exceptional sound column, introducing a refined symbiosis of form, craftsmanship and performance.\n\nPILLAR OF TIMELESS DESIGN\n\nDesign-Driven Innovation\n\nLens in Focus\n- The acoustic lens spreads optimal sound quality evenly through the room in a 180-degree horizontal arc. Beautifully crafted from aluminium, the lens is further accentuated with a subtle green glow when BeoLab 18 is turned on. A stunning touch of engineering with sound performance at its heart.\n\nNew Heights of Wireless Performance\n- Wireless technology has finally met the exacting standards demanded by Bang & Olufsen for a true seamless audio experience. A BeoLab 18 wireless setup requires just a single power cable to each speaker, giving you incredible flexibility and freedom to unleash groundbreaking multi-channel wireless audio throughout your room.\n\nPlacement\n- The sound adaption switch on BeoLab 18 allows you to adjust and optimize the acoustic performance based on the placement of the loudspeakers. So you can place them anywhere and be assured of the best possible experience.\n\nUnder the Hood\n- The sleek wooden lamellas, designed to visualise the music emanating from the speaker, hide a masterpiece of technical engineering.\n\nHonouring Nordic Craftmanship\n- The creation of BeoLab 18 was driven by an unwavering vision for the highest and most exacting standards of craftsmanship and engineering. Wood has always been an important aspect of Nordic architecture and furniture design, and modern interest in new and innovative ways to use it has never been greater.\n\nRespecting the Original\n- BeoLab 18 is the culmination of acoustic perfection. A heritage of authentic sound that has been a Bang & Olufsen hallmark since 1925. Inspired by the legendary BeoLab 8000 speaker, BeoLab 18 honours the now classic silhouette with new heights of performance and new layers of design.\n\nExpand your Beolab 18 Experience with Beolink Multiroom\n- You can combine your BeoLab 18 speakers and a range of our most popular products such as BeoVision Avant, BeoSound Essence and BeoSound Moment in a stunning wireless setup through BeoLink Multiroom. Visit us in store to explore your options.",
    "videoid": "69620899",
    "date_created": "1425281772",
    "date_modified": "1499367761",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/the-love-affair-collection-beolab-18\/69620899"
}