{
    "title": "Apple Macbook Air Series 2015 - Overview",
    "description": "Apple MacBook Air 13.3  1.6GHz Intel Core i5 Notebook Computer - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/89822\/Apple-Z0RJ0004B.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Up to 12 hours of battery life. Power through your whole day.\nThanks to compact all-flash storage in MacBook Air theres plenty of room for a big battery. Working together with the power-efficient fifth-generation Intel Core architecture this battery can post some impressive numbers. The 11-inch model gets up to 9 hours of battery life on a single charge and the 13-inch model gets up to 12 hours. That gives you all-day power for surfing the web or watching iTunes movies. Put MacBook Air to sleep for more than 3 hours and it enters standby mode to conserve battery life for up to 30 days.1 And if you enable Power Nap youll continue to receive new email and calendar invitations while your computer is asleep\n\u2022 Fifth-generation Intel Core processors. Performance meet endurance.\nMacBook Air is powered by fifth-generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors. This ultra-efficient architecture was designed to use less power and still deliver high performance. Which means not only can you do whatever you want \u2014 you can keep doing it for longer than before. In addition the Intel HD Graphics 6000 processor offers advanced performance youll especially notice with games and other graphics-intensive tasks\n\u2022 Wi-Fi. 802.11ac. The definition of fast.\nMacBook Air supports ultrafast 802.11ac Wi-Fi. When connected to an 802.11ac base station \u2014 including AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule \u2014 wireless performance is up to 3x faster than 802.11n Wi-Fi.2 And your Wi-Fi range improves as well. With Bluetooth technology you can connect MacBook Air to Bluetooth-enabled devices like speakers and headphones. Even without all the wires youre totally connected\n\u2022 Fast all-flash storage. Ready. Set. Done.\nPart of what makes MacBook Air so responsive is that its designed entirely around flash storage. Not only does this make MacBook Air much lighter and more portable than traditional notebooks it also provides faster access to data. Available in capacities up to 512GB this PCIe-based flash storage is up to 17x faster than a traditional 5400-rpm notebook hard drive.4 So when you flip open MacBook Air its ready to go right away. Even after a month in standby mode the screen springs to life\n\u2022 Thunderbolt 2 and USB 3. Make some powerful connections.\nWith a Thunderbolt 2 port thats twice as fast as the previous generation you can connect your MacBook Air to the latest devices and displays like the Apple Thunderbolt Display. But thats not the whole story. MacBook Air also comes equipped with two USB 3 ports so you can connect the latest USB 3 devices and all your USB 2 devices as well. With just a few connections MacBook Air transforms from an ultraportable notebook to a complete workstation\n\u2022 Display camera and mics. Impressive. In every sense.\no LED-backlit display. Millions of pixels. Millimeters thin.\nCorner to corner and pixel by pixel the MacBook Air display is both an engineering feat and a design breakthrough. The display measures a mere 4.86 millimeters (0.19 inch) thin yet its resolution makes you feel like youre looking at a larger screen. The 11-inch MacBook Air features a resolution of 1366 by 768 pixels while the 13-inch model wows with a resolution of 1440 by 900 pixels. And LED backlighting makes colors bright and vibrant from edge to edge. So whether youre editing photos perfecting a presentation or watching a movie youre going to love what you see\no 720p FaceTime HD camera. Stay sharp.\nLet your friends and family see more of you with the 720p FaceTime HD camera. Every smile looks bright even halfway around the world. And the widescreen format means everyone can fit into the picture without having to crowd around the display\no Dual mics. Theyll hear you loud and clear\nThe dual microphones in MacBook Air are great for when you want to be heard. If youre making a FaceTime call for example the mics reduce background noise from behind the notebook. And when you use Dictation they create an adaptive audio beam that intelligently adjusts to detect your voice \u2014 instead of the noise around you\n\u2022 Multi-Touch trackpad. It goes hand in hand with OS X.\nThe Multi-Touch gestures in OS X make everything you do on MacBook Air more intuitive direct and fun. And the spacious Multi-Touch trackpad is perfectly designed for them whether its a three-finger swipe to activate Mission Control or a four-finger pinch to see all your apps in Launchpad. Gesture responses are smooth and realistic. So when youre scrolling up and down a web page or swiping from one full-screen app to another its almost like youre touching what youre seeing\no Click\nPress down anywhere to click. Or with Tap to Click enabled tap the trackpad\no Double-click\nPress down two times anywhere. Or with Tap to Click enabled double-tap the trackpad\no Tap to zoom\nDouble-tap the trackpad with two fingers to magnify a web page or PDF\no Two-fin",
    "videoid": "69863941",
    "date_created": "1427381881",
    "date_modified": "1476994573",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/apple-macbook-air-series-2015-overview\/69863941"
}