{
    "title": "Hands On Review: Bang & Olufsen BeoPlay Natural A1 Bluetooth Speaker 1297846",
    "description": "Bang & Olufsen BeoPlay Natural A1 Bluetooth Speaker - 1297846\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/100551\/Bang-Olufsen-BeoPlay-Natural-A1-Bluetooth-Portable-Speaker-1297846.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=1297846_20160512\n\nThe ultra-portable Bluetooth speaker that will travel with you anywhere and bring more sound and more bass into your life - wherever its happening that moment.\nFeatures\n\u2022 More sound. More bass.\nPacking a punch well beyond its weight and size Beoplay A1 has ambient True 360 sound \u2013 so the sound dispersion is great wherever you put it. And with a peak power of 2x140 W you won\u2019t have to huddle round it to enjoy your music.\n\u2022 Portability\nEven the heaviest beats are easy to carry.\nBeoplay A1 is small enough to sit in the palm of your hand it weighs only 600g and because of its shape (with no protruding buttons or legs) it is easy to store in your bag or slip into a pocket. So you can take it anywhere you go and enjoy Bang & Olufsen Signature Sound when you get there.\n\u2022 Materials\nForm and function in harmony.\nThe rounded aluminium grill is both a thing of beauty and of strength and together with the double-moulded polymer base it forms a strong protective shell for the components within. Cool aluminium. Warm polymer. Soft leather. Simply put Beoplay A1 is amazing to touch and hold in your hand.\n\u2022 Battery Life. Play on.\nWith up to 24 hours of battery life Beoplay A1 will still be playing long after most competitors have gone silent. And when you do eventually need to charge it Beoplay A1\u2019s smart charging system will adapt charging speed to match the capacity of the USB charger you are using \u2013 so it will quickly be ready for the next adventure.\n\u2022 Every scratch tells a story.\nSplash and dust resistant Beoplay A1 is designed to take its fair share of bumps and scrapes while still protecting the delicate drivers and electronics inside. The more it travels with you the more stories it can tell.\n\u2022 Microphone\nI hear you loud and clear.\nBeoplay A1 has a built-in microphone for making calls and because of the rimmed design around the base of the unit the microphone gives uniform speech sensitivity 360\u00ba around the speaker. This makes voice recognition at the other end of the call much easier.\n\u2022 Design\nSounds better than a painting\nBeoplay A1 is great to use indoors as well. A perfect partner when travelling and staying in hotels and also super convenient around the home. Hang it up put it on a table (it looks good anywhere) and fill your living space with sound.\n\u2022 Designer. Cecilie Manz\nBeoplay A1 is the result of an exhaustive design process geared towards maximising portability while at the same time delivering category breaking sound performance.\n\u2022 Head over to The Journal to get the inside story about the exhaustive design process in our interview with the award winning Danish designer Cecilie Manz.\n\u2022 Under The Hood. The sweet spots\nThe art of getting the most sound out of a small product lies in the cooperation between designer and technician. With Beoplay A1 this cooperation has been taken to new levels.\no Drivers amps and speakers are designed and manufactured to ensure the best performance in the category and deliver 2X140 Watts at peak power. With an audible range from 60 \u2013 24000 Hz Beoplay A1 punches well above its weight. \no Bass extension is greater than you\u2019d imagine for something so small. Armed with a new aluminium core sub-woofer a powerful magnetic system and amps it can deliver a full range with great character even at at low frequency levels (down to 60Hz).",
    "videoid": "69863188",
    "date_created": "1463141662",
    "date_modified": "1476380230",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/hands-on-review-bang-olufsen-beoplay-natural-a1-bluetooth-speaker-1297846\/69863188"
}