{
    "title": "Sony 4GB Bluetooth Sports Wearable MP3 Player NWZWS613BLK - Overview",
    "description": "Sony 4GB Bluetooth Sports Wearable MP3 Player  - NWZWS613BLK http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/85545\/Sony-NWZWS613BLK.html\n\nBe active be free...Listen talk and seamlessly control this wire-free one-piece music player. A waterproof2 design keeps moisture out while you enjoy good vibrations.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Sports Walkman redefined \nBe active be free...Listen talk and seamlessly control this wire-free one-piece music player. A waterproof2 design keeps moisture out while you enjoy good vibrations. Power up with a quick 3-minute charge for up to 60 minutes of play back4 and enjoy drag and drop ease. Its that free and easy.\n\u2022 Waterproof up to 2m. \nTake the plunge with your favorite tracks. Waterproof down to 2 meters this Walkman can handle more than a few splashes.23 While not suitable for use in salt water the NWZ-WS613 will operate when submerged for up to 30 minutes. For this to occur the swimming earbuds must be used for the waterproof design to function correctly.\n\u2022 Wrap-around security and comfort\nIdeal for sports and active lifestyles this unique digital music player is designed to comfortably wrap-around the back of the head and securely stay in place so you can run jump and train harder. Be wire-free hands-free and without distraction whether youre working out at the gym playing outdoors or even swimming.23\n\u2022 Three Flexible Listening Modes \nThree listening modes allow for near-endless musical possibilities. Walkman Mode lets you enjoy onboard music files and playlists. Headphone Mode lets your smartphone deliver resident audio or streaming service content\u2026YouTube Music Unlimited and Spotify. SoundMix Mode bundles your favorite music and app notifications together for an uninterrupted workout.\n\u2022 Wireless streaming \nEnjoy high quality Bluetooth audio streaming and simplified connectivity with Near Field Communications (NFC) technology. Align your compatible device and touch the NFC logos to activate or deactivate pairing. For the ultimate wireless audio streaming experience aptX & AAC codec support ensure maximum signal quality.\n\u2022 Compact convenient remote control \nStay in control with a handy splashpoof remote.3 Simply slide this compact controller onto your finger to skip tracks and pump up the volume with ease \u2013 leaving you free to focus on your workout. With an IPX 5 rating this Splashproof remote can shake a good sweat but is not suitable for use in the swimming pool as it cannot be fully submerged in water.\n\u2022 Drag and Drop\nDrag and drop your favorite tracks albums and workout playlists from iTunes for Mac or Windows onto the Walkman before you hit the courts or the pool. With enough space for up to 900+ MP3s \u2013 youll never be short of tunes. Flexible multi-format playback lets you play MP3 WMA AAC or L-PCM music files; now thats freedom.\n\u2022 SoundMix function \nSoundMix seamlessly mixes your music and app notifications together for an uninterrupted workout. Audio playback is automatically paused for the delivery of app alerts or text readings and then resumed \u2013 allowing you to stay on top of your workout while keeping up-to-date with all the latest news messages and more.\n\u2022 Navigate and control via SongPal\u2122 App \nThe free SongPal APP\u21225 (available at Google Play and the App Store) lets take stock of the entire experience allowing setup and control of your music files playlists sources and even making\/taking calls.\n\u2022 Easily navigate your song library \nSearching for just the right music track is simple either with the multi-function playback buttons. A quick tap changes songs and a tap and hold changes folders. Or using the easy to use remote commander Play\/Pause select Next\/Previous track and Raise\/Lower the volume.\n\u2022 Power is nothing without control \nThe free SongPal APP5 (available at Google Play and the App Store) lets take stock of the entire experience allowing setup and control of your music files playlists sources and even making\/taking calls.\n\u2022 Open charge and listen \nEverything you need is in the box including USB dock6 1 set earbuds 1 set swimming earbuds Adjustment Band and Holder to ensure smooth sailing.",
    "videoid": "69863721",
    "date_created": "1439383613",
    "date_modified": "1476913589",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sony-4gb-bluetooth-sports-wearable-mp3-player-nwzws613blk-overview\/69863721"
}