{
    "title": "Unboxing: Canon EOS  77D",
    "description": "In this video we unbox the brand new Canon EOS 77D.  For more information or to order please make sure to check it out at Abt.com: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/108599\/Canon-EOS-77D-DSLR-Camera-With-18-55mm-Lens-1892C016.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=EOS77D_2017045 \n\nFeatures:\n- Optical Viewfinder with a 45-point All Cross-type AF System:\nThe EOS 77D camera's optical viewfinder gives professional-level control and convenience by letting you see exactly what the lens sees in a variety of lighting conditions. A 45-point all cross-type autofocus system helps you get what you want in focus, quickly. This comes in especially handy when trying to photograph fast-moving subjects, like athletes racing to score a goal or excited, playful pets. With minimal glare and minimal lag between what you see and what the camera captures, you could be on a dazzling beach photographing surfers or snapping a brilliant image of your friends dancing at midnight, and you can get the shot you want\n- Fast & Accurate Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection:\nThere's virtually no wait to focus with the EOS 77D camera's Dual Pixel CMOS AF, which helps deliver the world's fastest autofocusing speed at 0.03 sec.^^ Available when using Live View on the LCD touchscreen for both photos and videos, it features phase-detection which helps quickly and accurately determine how far away an object is by rapidly analyzing the phase of different colors of light. This highly advanced technology offers quick, precise autofocus that stays locked onto your subject, even if your subject is in motion. Dual Pixel CMOS AF helps ensure your results are sharp, keeps the time it takes to lock focus onto your subject to a minimum and smoothly maintains focus where you want it\n- 24.2 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) Sensor:\nThe EOS 77D camera features a 24.2 Megapixel (APS-C) sensor capable of capturing clear, detailed and vivid images and movies. From the skin tones in a portrait, to the greens and browns of nearby foliage, the incredibly sensitive CMOS-style sensor can capture the rich, vibrant colors of the world around you. Its high resolution reveals intricate details of your subject, and is suitable for printing or easily uploading for use on the web\n- DIGIC 7 Image Processor, ISO 100-25600:\nThe DIGIC 7 Image Processor powers the EOS 77D camera with high image quality and fast operation, even in low light. Even in extreme cases, like in low saturation or low-light dusk, dawn or darkened interior moments, it helps keep what you're photographing in focus. When using high ISO settings, the image processing helps ensure results are highly detailed, while helping to minimize graininess. Powerful all around, the DIGIC 7 Image Processor helps ensure your photos and videos look sharp and lifelike with minimal unwanted noise or grain\n- Built-in Wi-Fi\u00ae Capability: \nThe EOS 77D camera is designed to make Wi-Fi\u00ae connections fast and easy. It can exchange data with other Wi-Fi\u00ae compatible Canon cameras, and transfer files directly to a compatible smart device using the Camera Connect app. It can also connect directly to Canon's Connect Station CS100 device, upload directly to various web services like CANON iMAGE GATEWAY#, Facebook\u00ae and YouTube\u00ae and print directly to wireless Canon printers\n- Built-in NFC Capability:\nWith its built-in NFC (Near Field Communication) capability, the EOS 77D camera connects directly to compatible Android devices as well as Canon's Connect Station CS100 device by simply touching the NFC icon located on the camera to the device\nBuilt-in Bluetooth\u00ae Capability \nBluetooth\u00ae^ pairing lets you easily connect to and remotely control the EOS 77D camera from compatible smart devices using the free Canon Camera Connect app",
    "videoid": "87576470",
    "date_created": "1491426695",
    "date_modified": "1491492358",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/unboxing-canon-eos-77d\/87576470"
}