{
    "title": "Canon EOS Rebel T5i DSLR : Canon at Abt Electronics",
    "description": "Buy Canon T5i - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/69684\/Canon-8595B003.html\nShop Digital Cameras - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/20\/Digital-Cameras.html\n\n18.0 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor\nThe EOS Rebel T5i features Canons amazing 18.0 Megapixel CMOS (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor) sensor. Perfect for enlargements or for cropping detailed portions of the composition the cameras sensor captures images with exceptional clarity and tonal range. This first-class sensor features many of the same technologies used by professional Canon cameras to maximize each pixels light-gathering efficiency and has center pixels that aid in the EOS Rebel T5is accurate AF performance. This APS-C size sensor creates an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format).\nISO 100-12800 and expandable to 25600 in H mode\nThanks to its DIGIC 5 Image Processor the EOS Rebel T5i features an expanded ISO range of ISO 100-12800 (expandable to 25600 in H mode) that makes shooting possible in situations previously unthinkable without flash. The EOS Rebel T5i with the DIGIC 5 Image Processors remarkable noise-reduction technology performs brilliantly in low-light shooting. Used with one of Canons EF or EF-S lenses with Optical Image Stabilizer the EOS Rebel T5i can record beautiful images even when light sources are scarce.\nDIGIC 5 Image Processor\nThe EOS Rebel T5is DIGIC 5 Image Processor works with the cameras CMOS sensor to deliver images with incredible detail in more situations without the need for artificial light sources. With the power of the DIGIC 5 Image Processor the EOS Rebel T5i can achieve higher ISO sensitivity can shoot up to 5.0 fps continuously and can even perform advanced functions like HDR Backlight Control art filters lens correction and much more. The cameras brilliant imaging core supercharges every facet of still and moving image capture.\nHigh-speed continuous shooting\nThe EOS Rebel T5i can shoot up to 5.0 frames per second continuously. Thanks to the enhanced shutter m",
    "videoid": "69864833",
    "date_created": "1377714784",
    "date_modified": "1477593611",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/canon-eos-rebel-t5i-dslr-canon-at-abt-electronics\/69864833"
}