{
    "title": "Bose QuietComfort 35 Wireless Headphones QC35 - Overview",
    "description": "Bose QuietComfort 35 Silver Wireless Headphones  - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/101454\/Bose-QuietComfort-35-Silver-Wireless-Headphones-7599440020.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=QC35_20160607\n\nEnrich your music experience with the new Bose QuietComfort 35 Silver Wireless Headphones- 759944-0020. With state of the art noise cancelling technology you will become fully immersed in crisp rich and uninterrupted sound. These over the ear bluetooth headphones allow you to connect to your device without any annoying cords while being lightweight and durable. Made with glass filled nylon and a stainless steel headband makes these over the ear headphones the most reliable in its class. Made with a unique Alcantara material in the headband along with synthetic protein leather ear cushions to give you extreme comfort with these Bose wireless headphones. The included carrying case makes it easy to safely store your headphones when not in use. Additionally a free Bose Connect app will let you to manage all of the devices you have paired your Bose headphones with letting you switch between devices automatically. You can also create personalized settings in the app. Made with an improved battery life you can now indulge yourself in up to 20 hours of wireless use or up to 40 hours of wired use. The Bose QuietComfort 35 Silver Wireless Headphones will allow you to enjoy music with crystal clear quality unlike ever before.",
    "videoid": "69863157",
    "date_created": "1465390271",
    "date_modified": "1482342451",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-quietcomfort-35-wireless-headphones-qc35-overview\/69863157"
}