{
    "title": "LG Side-By-Side Refrigerator LSC27925 Overview",
    "description": "Buy LG Side-By-Side Refrigerator LSC27925 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=lsc27925\n\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Large Capacity 27cu ft.\n\u2022 Integrated Ice & Water Dispenser\n\u2022 Digital Temparture Controls and Sensors\n\u2022 Sophisticated Style & Design\n\u2022 Updated LED Lighting\n\u2022 Energy Star\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Space when you need it \nGet more space for groceries in a great feature-packed refrigerator. Nothing beats the convenience of having more food when you need it and with a generous 27 cu. ft. of space youll have room and room to grow. \n\u2022 Great light \nBright LED lighting in the walls of the refrigerator give you excellent light every time you look in the frige. And theyre not just convenient - they save energy too. \n\u2022 Sophisticated style and Design \nContoured doors hidden hinges and a host of great interior features give your refrigerator a look as sophisticated as it is functional.\n\u2022 Fresher is better\nLGs technology maintains optimal humidity and temperature levels so your food stays fresher longer. Digital sensors constantly monitor conditions within the refrigerator to keep things cool. Strategically-placed vents in every section surround your food with cool air no matter where you put it. \n\u2022 Refreshment on hand\nA convenient water and ice dispenser keeps ice and water close at hand saving you from opening the door every time you want water or ice. Keeping the door closed means the temperature inside stays more consistent saving you money and keeping your food fresh. \n\u2022 Save money. Save energy\nWhen your refrigerator uses at least 20 less energy than required by federal standards you\u2019re going to make an impact\u2014on your energy bill your energy consumption and most importantly the environment..",
    "videoid": "69864409",
    "date_created": "1409153502",
    "date_modified": "1482268525",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/lg-side-by-side-refrigerator-lsc27925-overview\/69864409"
}