{
    "title": "Unboxing: Sony Z9D Series 4K HDR With Android TV Smart HDTV - XBR-65Z9D",
    "description": "Shop for the Sony 65 Z9D 4K HDR Smart HDTV at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/102974\/Sony-65-Z9D-4K-HDR-With-Android-TV-Smart-HDTV-XBR65Z9D.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=XBR65Z9D_20160818\n\nShop for the Sony 75 Z9D 4K HDR Smart HDTV at Abt: http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/102895\/Sony-75-Z9D-4K-HDR-with-Android-TV-Smart-HDTV-XBR75Z9D.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=XBR75Z9D_20160818\n\nUnrivaled picture quality.\n\nThe all-new Backlight Master Drive\u2122 can display an unprecedented dynamic range with near perfect black levels and dazzling brightness that is impossible for other TVs to reproduce. How Discrete LED Control: Backlight Master Drive uses a new innovative algorithm to control the TVs ultra-dense LED structure. Each LED is controlled individually for a picture even more precise than that of a standard full-array TV which groups LEDs into larger zones. Calibrated Beam Design: Send light only where it is needed. Each LED emits a straight beam for greater brightness and more accurate contrast than ever before.\n\nEverything should look like 4K HDR\n\nOur newly developed 4K HDR Processor X1 Extreme outperforms our conventional 4K Processor X1 with 40 more real-time image processing power. It takes everything you watch and improves it to near 4K HDR quality . Object-based HDR Remaster technology can detect analyze and optimize each object in the picture individually to adjust the overall contrast for a more natural and realistic picture on screen.\n\nBacklight brilliance.\n\nExperience greater brilliance in every scene. X-tended Dynamic Range PRO utilizes the discrete LED control of Backlight Master Drive to create images with brighter peaks and more shadow detail. When combined with HDR video X-tended Dynamic Range PRO increases the quality of HDR so you experience even greater color and contrast.\n\nUncover the detail with 4K HDR\n\nHigh Dynamic Range (HDR) will change the way you look at TV. Combined with 4K Ultra HD resolution  HDR video content delivers exceptional detail color and contrast with a far wider range of brightness than other video formats. The result is the most lifelike picture TVs have ever been able to create with brilliant highlights and fine detail.\n\nClear picture smooth gradations\n\nSunsets are as bright and clear as real life. Super bit mapping 4K HDR a feature of the 4K HDR Processor X1 Extreme reveals thousands of shades and gradations of light. It creates a smooth natural picture as you watch without the banding that can occur on other TVs. 14-bit signal processing recognizes subtle color transitions and effectively smooths out the gradation between shades to show 64 times the color levels of a conventional display.\n\nMore color depth and realism\n\nColors are as rich and vivid as natures own thanks to the TRILUMINOS Display with more shades of red green and blue than ever before. Youll enjoy vibrant authentic images that evoke the emotion in every scene. When combined with HDR video TRILUMINOS Display further increases the color depth for noticeably brighter and more realistic colors.\n\nUpscale to a more natural picture\n\nThe difference is clear. Youll see lifelike detail and stunning clarity no matter what youre watching. Two powerful image improvement databases work together dynamically improving images in real time. 4K X-Reality PRO\u2122 upscales images to near 4K clarity while a second database cleans the picture and reduce on-screen noise . Every single pixel is enhanced beautifully by the powerful 4K HDR Processor X1 Extreme.\n\nA sophisticated slate design\n\nFrom the front the design exudes sophistication in the form of a simple black slate letting viewers immerse themselves in the stunning power of 4K HDR (High Dynamic Range). The design features premium gold finish and keeps all of your cables completely concealed ensuring that the TV strikes an elegant look from any angle. The Z9D comes in a 65 75 or 100 Class to fit even the grandest room.\n\nSmart home automation\n\nBeyond streaming content Sonys Android TV platform allows Home Automation control directly from the TV via the Logitech Harmony Hub. IoT (internet of things) devices such as lights thermostats Blu-ray\u2122 players security cameras other home entertainment devices can be controlled and automated via the push of a button on the TVs remote.\n\n\nJust say what you want\n\nSpend less time browsing and more time watching. Voice search on Android TV\u2122 provides you with the power of Google search in 42 languages allowing you to find content across different services without the hassle of time-consuming text entry.",
    "channelid": "81333911",
    "videoid": "69863096",
    "date_created": "1471533941",
    "date_modified": "1480542758",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/sony-channel\/unboxing-sony-z9d-series-4k-hdr-with-android-tv-smart-hdtv-xbr-65z9d\/81333911-69863096"
}