{
    "title": "Fitbit Flex Buying Guide: What is the Fitbit Flex? | Abt Electronics & Appliances",
    "description": "The Fitbit Flex is a great tool to use when you want to keep track of your daily workout, caloric intake, or want to keep an eye on your day-to-day activities.  The technology is incredibly unique, offering you a wide variety of customization for goal development, and you can keep track of it all directly off your smartphone, or on your computer.\n\nThe Bluetooth, wireless connection is incredibly convenient and the Fitbit Flex will notify you how close you are and when you have reached your pre-programmed goal.  To get the most use out of the Fitbit, you will always want to have it on, even when you sleep as you now have access to a sleep tracker that will tell you how much rest you are getting. The Fitbit Flex has a great design, is waterproof, and will help you achieve your health goals, you never thought possible. \n\nBuy Fitbit Flex - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/73420\/Fitbit-FB401BK.html\nShop Fitness Equipment - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/1134\/Fitness-Equipment.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Set a goal and go \nFlex allows you to set a goal and uses LED lights to show how you're stacking up. Each light represents 20 of your goal. You choose which one \u2014 steps calories or distance. It lights up like a scoreboard challenging you to be more active day after day.\n\u2022 Flex Tracks:\no Steps Taken\no Calories Burned\no Hours Slept\no Distance Traveled\no Active Minutes\no Quality of Sleep\n\u2022 Powered by Fitbits leading-edge accelerometer Flex bases calculations like calories burned on your personal profile \u2014 reflecting your stats not any average Joes.\n\u2022 Helps you get your ZZZs \nFlex never sleeps even when you do. Continue to wear it all night and itll measure your sleep quality. Your dashboard will reveal how long you slept and the number of times you woke up to help you learn how to sleep more soundly. Flex also has a silent wake alarm that gently vibrates to wake you at your desired time without disturbing your partner.\n\u2022 Always by your side \nFlex is your perfect companion. It fits comfortably around your wrist so you can wear it proudly all day and night.\n\u2022 Sync your stats. See your progress \nFlex automatically syncs your data to PCs Macs iPhone 4S & 5 iPad 3 Retina & mini iPod touch and to select Android phones without plugging in or pushing buttons. This gives you real-time access to your stats on the Fitbit dashboard throughout the day. Also with select NFC-enabled Android devices you can tap your device to launch your Fitbit stats. Its like magic.\n\u2022 Discover your trends \nFlex comes with free online tools and a mobile app that allow you to set goals and follow your progress through awesome graphs and charts. Log food workouts and much more and get the inside scoop on your health. Knowing how close you are to reaching your goals gives you the motivation to reach them and aim higher.\n\u2022 Badges galore \nWell sing your praises and keep you motivated with Fitbit badges for daily weekly even lifetime achievements. Each time you achieve a new goal or wow us with your performance well award you with a badge. But youll have to work for it.\n\u2022 Share and compete with friends \nChallenge and compete with friends and family on Fitbit.com. In addition to rooting for one another you can compare stats and see how your progress stacks up.\n\u2022 Flexibility to match your style \nFlex tracker is flexible. You can take this tiny tracker out and put into any of Flexs colorful bands to fit your mood. Check out our accessory band colors and look good no matter what youre wearing.\n\u2022 Plays well with other apps \nWeight trends can be influenced by a variety of fitness and nutrition factors. Fitbit works with several popular health apps that let you export your Fitbit data their way. Some like Lose It! also let you import their data into your Fitbit dashboard so you can track your stats in either location. Learn more in our App Gallery.",
    "videoid": "69864787",
    "date_created": "1382536899",
    "date_modified": "1477591506",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/fitbit-flex-buying-guide-what-is-the-fitbit-flex-abt-electronics-appliances\/69864787"
}