{
    "title": "Whirlpool Gas Range WEG730H0D Overview",
    "description": "Buy Whirlpool Gas Range WEG730H0D - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/resources\/pages\/search.php?keywords=weg730h0d\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 5.8 Cu. Ft. Capacity\nThe 5.8 cu. ft. oven has room to bake and roast holiday dishes so theres always enough space to handle even your largest meals\n\u2022 Frozen Bake\u2122 Technology\nFrozen Bake\u2122 technology cooks frozen foods faster by eliminating the need to preheat the oven. Just select the food type temperature and cook time listed on the frozen items package and the oven will start customizing. Now you can cook frozen pizza 31 faster and even lasagna chicken nuggets fries and pies can get from the oven to the table in less time\n\u2022 Full-Depth Slide-In Range with the FIT System\nUpgrade to a full-depth slide-in range that fits seamlessly in your kitchen without the hassle of remodeling thanks to the FIT system\n\u2022 AquaLift Self-Cleaning Technology\nAquaLift self-cleaning technology delivers odor-free oven cleaning without chemicals in only 50 minutes\n\u2022 TimeSavor\u2122 Convection Cooking System\nWith TimeSavor\u2122 convection cooking a fan in the back of the oven distributes hot air more efficiently to seal in flavors and juices. Now you can cook tastier roasts and bake bread with just the right texture and flavor\n\u2022 AccuBake Temperature Management System\nThe AccuBake temperature management systems built-in sensor monitors oven temperature and the cooking elements to deliver consistent delicious results every time\n\u2022 SpeedHeat\u2122 Burner\nGenerate the high heat needed for rapid boiling searing and frying with burners that offer 15000 or 17000 BTUs\n\u2022 Rapid Preheat\nPut dinner on the table faster with Rapid Preheat which uses the bake and broil elements to heat the oven quickly and efficiently. Ideal for single rack baking this option saves time with 21 faster preheating\n\u2022 Full-Width Satin-Finish Cast-Iron Grates\nCast-iron grates cover the whole cooking surface giving you the flexibility to place pots and pans anywhere on the cooktop. The grates are dishwasher safe and their satin finish resists wear and tear",
    "videoid": "69864340",
    "date_created": "1413553317",
    "date_modified": "1477439763",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/whirlpool-gas-range-weg730h0d-overview\/69864340"
}