{
    "title": "Introducing Beolit 17",
    "description": "Beolit 17 by B&O PLAY, designed by award-winning Cecilie Manz, follows the Beolit 12 (2012) and Beolit 15 (2015) to put a distinct cool Scandinavian style into any home. The top and the bottom of Beolit 17 is made of robust polymer that can withstand the rigours of everyday life. With up to 24-hours of portable performance, you can easily take the speaker with you anywhere. The grill wrapped around the speaker is made of anodized pearl-blasted aluminium and the handle, designed for portability, is crafted from premium grain leather. On the top of Beolit 17 is a non-slip and scratch safe tray, where you can safely place your smartphone. \n\nWake up to your favourite tune. \n\nBeolit 17 comes with a new intelligent one-touch connect button that can be customised via Beoplay App. In Beoplay App, you can choose between four different functions that will be activated when you press the connect button on top of the speaker: \n\u2022 Alarm: You can set an alarm in Beoplay App that will wake you up with one of two B&O PLAY alarm tunes or the last played song on your smartphone. Press once to snooze and twice to deactivate the alarm. \n\u2022 Connect: For easy access to music, you can use the connect feature to instantly play the last played song on Spotify. \n\u2022 Remote: A simple feature that will play or pause the music by pressing the connect button once. Double press will skip to the next track.\n\u2022 ToneTouch: Setup Beoplay App to play your favourite ToneTouch preset. \n\nBeolit 17 also works with Beoplay App features such as ToneTouch that gives playful, intuitive, and easy personalisation to your music experience. Simply feel your way through different tonality and staging settings to find the sound that suits you.",
    "videoid": "115188564",
    "date_created": "1488442116",
    "date_modified": "1504133448",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/introducing-beolit-17\/115188564"
}