{
    "title": "Bose SoundTouch 10 Series Wireless Music System 731396-1100 - Overview",
    "description": "Bose SoundTouch 10 Series Wireless Music System - Black - 731396-1100 http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94529\/Bose-7313961100.html\n\nThe SoundTouch 10 wireless music system is the easiest way to play music throughout your home. Plus it\u2019s so small you can place it just about anywhere to stream millions of songs from music services Internet radio stations and your stored music library\u2014all with full rich sound. You can even play your favorite music instantly. Simply press one of six presets on the speaker or remote and the music starts. Plus the remote lets you rate your music (thumbs up or down buttons) as you listen.\nKey Features:\n\u2022 Play music throughout your home easily and wirelessly\n\u2022 Sets up and connects to your home Wi-Fi in minutes\n\u2022 Free app transforms your phone into your music remote control\n\u2022 Add SoundTouch systems to play the same music throughout or different music in different rooms\n\u2022 Bluetooth connectivity for even more music options\n\u2022 Rate your music (thumbs up or down buttons) as you listen.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Exploring music with SoundTouch \nWith SoundTouch you can discover and enjoy music more effortlessly than ever before. Wirelessly stream millions of songs through Spotify Pandora iHeartRadio \u2122 and Deezer as well as Internet radio stations and your own music library. The SoundTouch app lets you control your music from anywhere in the house with your phone or tablet. And six easily programmable presets let you play your favorite music from the app the speaker or the included remote.\n\u2022 Start with one system \nAdd more whenever you want. The SoundTouch 10 wireless music system is part of an entire family of wireless products. They all work together to play the same music in every room or different music in different rooms.\n\u2022 A free powerful app \nThe SoundTouch app lets you explore music services like Spotify and Deezer. It also gives you access to thousands of Internet radio stations and your stored music library so you can always find the perfect soundtrack. The app also transforms your phone into a powerful remote so you can control your music from anywhere in your home.\n\u2022 SoundTouch\u2014truly different\nSet up six custom presets with the SoundTouch app. Make one a Pandora station and another a Spotify playlist. Your remote and SoundTouch speaker will automatically remember them.\n\nSo when you want to use your phone or tablet to control your system you can. And when you don\u2019t want to power up swipe and put in a passcode\u2014you don\u2019t have to. Just use the remote or press a preset button on your speaker and your music starts in an instant.\n\u2022 Bluetooth built in \nSoundTouch systems now feature Bluetoothconnectivity to stream music from any compatible device\u2014whenever you want. This allows you to listen to even more sources like YouTube.",
    "videoid": "69863660",
    "date_created": "1442349117",
    "date_modified": "1476907869",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/bose-soundtouch-10-series-wireless-music-system-731396-1100-overview\/69863660"
}