{
    "title": "Samsung 25 Cu. Ft. Black Stainless Steel French Door Refrigerator RF263BEAESG\/AA - Overview",
    "description": "Samsung 25 Cu. Ft. Black Stainless Steel French Door Refrigerator - RF263BEAESG\/AA\nhttp:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/94911\/Samsung-RF263BEAESGAA.html?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=RF263BEAEBSS_20160223\n\nThis 25 cu. ft. French door refrigerator is perfect for families and those who like to entertain. A spacious interior fits even very wide items and it\u2019s brightly lit by high-efficiency LED lights. Twin Cooling Plus technology helps keep food fresher for longer. You\u2019ll also enjoy the convenience of an in-door filtered water and ice dispenser that is capable of producing up to 10 lbs. of ice per day.\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Up to 10 lb. of Ice Daily for Family and Friends \nOur Ice Master produces up to 10 lbs. of ice per day. Space-saving design leaves more room in the refrigerator.\n\u2022 Twin Cooling Plus\u2122 \nHelps Produce Stay Fresher Refrigerator air is kept at higher near-commercial grade humidity levels to keep perishable fruits and vegetables from spoiling quickly. Cooler freezer air means less freezer burn for better-tasting frozen foods. Dual-action cooling systems simultaneously locks in freshness in the refrigerator without affecting freezer air temperatures.\n\u2022 Fresh Filtered Water \nGet great-tasting filtered water directly from your refrigerator. Spend less time and money buying bottled water.\n\u2022 Sleek and Roomy \nOur beautiful sleek designs fit any kitchen decor and has enough room to fit up to 25 bags of groceries. Available in 36 (25 cu. ft.) our refrigerator provides more space inside not outside.\nGrocery comparison based on each cubic foot of usable space equaling one paper bag.\n\u2022 ENERGY STAR Most Efficient 2014 \nThe ENERGY STAR Most Efficient 2014 designation recognizes the most efficient products among those that qualify for the ENERGY STAR program. This Refrigerator meets all ENERGY STAR Most Efficient 2014 criteria delivering cutting-edge energy efficiency and featuring advancements in technological innovation.\n\u2022 High-Efficiency LED Lighting \nHigh-Efficiency LED Lighting Illuminates Virtually Every Corner New high-efficiency design beautifully lights up everything inside so youre able to quickly spot what you want. Its sleek design saves more space than the traditional incandescent bulb. As compared to Samsungs 2011 conventional LED lighting.\n\u2022 CoolSelect Pantry\u2122 \nFull-Width Pantry Drawer with Separate Temperature Controls Ideal space for storing party platters deli items beverages and more. Features an independent fan system that chills room-temperature beverages. Great for defrosting items safely within a controlled and isolated space.\n\u2022 Auto Pull-out Freezer Drawer \nSlides Out for Easy Access Great place to store your commonly used frozen foods like ice cream. Automatically slides out for easy access organization and storage.",
    "videoid": "69863301",
    "date_created": "1456234275",
    "date_modified": "1476295171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/samsung-25-cu-ft-black-stainless-steel-french-door-refrigerator-rf263beaesg-aa-overview\/69863301"
}