{
    "title": "Refrigerator Buying Guide",
    "description": "Shop Refrigerators - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/category\/38\/Refrigerators-Freezers.html\n\nMeasurements-\nThe first thing youll need to know if your measurements.  Make sure you have the correct height width and depth of the space you new unit will occupy.\nThis means measuring from the bottom of the existing cabinet (if one is present) to the floor as well as front to back and side to side measurements making sure to take into consideration any walls that could prevent the doors from opening completely counter overhangs base boards and crown molding.\nKeep in mind there are two heights on a refrigerator.  Case height - which is the height from the top of the case to the floor and hinge height - which is the height from the highest point of the refrigerator to the floor.\nHaving correct measurements will prevent you from going back and forth to your home to check measurements and it makes it so much easier for you to select the right sized model for your family.\nFreestanding Standard Depth -\nThis refrigerator has finished sides and can be placed between cabinets or stand alone.  It is available in widths ranging from 24 to 36 inches with capacities of 14 to 31 feet.  Its also the deepest of all types on the market extending anywhere between 5 and 12 inches past your countertops depending on the size you choose.\nSo make sure to measure correctly when choosing this type of refrigerator.\nFreestanding Counter Depth - \nThis refrigerator has many of the same qualities as the standard depth models except that they are design to fit more flush with your cabinets and can fit into a column enclosure.  Just make sure to leave enough space for air circulation.  Though not completely flush these models will usually extend no more than 7 inches paste you countertops with capacities ranging from 19 to 25 cubic feet.  However almost all freestanding shallow depth refrigerators will require a 36 inch wide opening with a minimum of 7 inches in height.\nBuilt-Ins\nThis type of refrigerator is designed for the person looking for a more customized look.  There units typically have unfinished sides and must be built into a wall or cabinet and require a more detailed installation.  These units are more flush with a maximum depth of no more than 25 inches.  These units are available in a variety of widths ranging from 29 to 48 inches with a maximum height of 84 inches. \nWine Storage and Beverage Centers-\nThese units provide the ideal storage for beverages without taking up space in your refrigerator.  They can be installed under counter or freestand.  Theyre available in a variety of sizes ranging from 11 to 30 inches in width and 17 to 84 inches in height.\nSome models even have dual temperature zones allowing you to customize temperatures for reds whites and beverages.  You also have the option to store just one particular beverage at temperature as well.\nThese units are best for dorm rooms family rooms offices or anywhere you need a little extra refrigeration space.\nTheyre available in capacities ranging from 1.4 to 5.7 cubic feet with heights ranging from 20 to 34 inches and depending on the model you choose you can get one with a freezer or icemaker.",
    "videoid": "69864794",
    "date_created": "1381954954",
    "date_modified": "1486484139",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/refrigerator-buying-guide\/69864794"
}