{
    "title": "How To Put On Zagg Invisible Shield Smudge-Proof Screen Protector For iPad Air",
    "description": "How to Put On Zagg Smudge-Proof Screen Protector for iPads.\n\nWhat you will need:\n-painters tape\n-microfiber cleaning cloth\n-clean surface\n-screen cleaning solution\n-squeegee provided by Zagg\n\n\nIn just a few simple steps you can put on the Zagg Screen Protector on your iPad Air. \nYou will want to make sure that the iPad screen has no smudges. \nUse the microfiber cleaning cloth to get rid of any stains\/smudges. \nUsing the painters tape take a large piece and remove all excess lint and dirt off the screen. (The painters tape had low adhesive and will not damage the iPad screen)\nSpray the screen of device with solution until completely covered.\nNext you will want to peel the protector off the paper it comes on.\n Spray the sticky side generously with solution. The reason for this is when you lay it down it will be easy to adjust. \nAfter laying it down spray the top of the protector. \nSqueege the top half first followed by the rest.  the spray will not damage the screen. \nWipe down with the microfiber cloth and let it dry for 12-14 hours. \n\n\n\n\nBuy Zagg Smudge-Proof iPad Air Screen Protector ID5SWSF00 - http:\/\/www.abt.com\/product\/75419\/Zagg-ID5SWSF00.html\n\nFeatures:\n\u2022 Self-healing\n\u2022 Military-Grade Scratch Protection\n\u2022 Thin tough & easy to install\n\u2022 Reduces appearance of smudges and fingerprints\n\u2022 Improves screen visibility under bright conditions",
    "videoid": "69864321",
    "date_created": "1414172321",
    "date_modified": "1477438127",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-put-on-zagg-invisible-shield-smudge-proof-screen-protector-for-ipad-air\/69864321"
}